yeah.nice to meet you, too.my name is ..yeah.i'm fine.because i like rain.yeah. . i got   line train, and i got   line from . and,   from  station,  by bus, i came.. about two hours.yeah.i live in . do you know?..  is  big town. .  around  station, there're many department stores. and there're many play spots. but, around my house, there are no shopping centers. so it is no comfortable to live.yeah.. when i was  thirteen years old, i moved to . but, before,  i lived in ..  is near to . so,  when i lived in ,   i often went to , and i bought something. but  is far from . so i seldom go to .. very comfortable.yeah. yeah.there is a girl, and there is a dog and cat. the door is opened. and there is a desk. and, on the desk, there is a personal computer and printer. and the desk is in front of a window. and   there is a bed. and, on the bed, there is a cat. and   the cat is sleeping. there is a  c d . and   the c d  is on a book shelf. and  there is a clock. and   the time is about  eleven fifty five.yeah.yeah.yeah. . i have a computer. and  i use my computer at midnight. so,   if i  didn't have  my own room,  i couldn't use my computer at midnight. but   i have my room, so i can use my computer at mid night. and  i can communicate with my friend.it's very fun.no. . my family doesn't like pets.no.yes.yes.yeah. yeah.hello. my name is , yeah.?. me, too..   would you like to go to the movie?. .  do you have any time today?.  at night, o k?yeah.  .  from seven o'clock,  we can see a famous movie at shibuya.  it is very interesting.  would you go with me?yeah.. . it is "a i".    i know the  place we can see the movie.and the place is  near from shibuya station.so we can meet   in front of the shibuya station, in front of hachikou.so, from there, we can go together.so, can you  come there at seven?yeah. .  how will you go there?yeah.yeah. so you can  yamanote line and  bound to shibuya.so  yoyogi, harajuku and shibuya. so  third station  is shibuya..yeah.yeah.bye bye..  do you go to movies? so it is very expensive. i have no money  go to the movies. but i have another hobby.i love football. so i often go to watch the game. saturday, i go to the stadium and watch the game.yeah.my  good friend loves football. and   he always talks me about football. so   he asked me to go together, and i went with him. so  the game is very interesting. so i always go with him.yeah.yeah. one day last week, i met my old teacher in front of a restaurant.      i wanted to talk with him. so we entered the restaurant,   and we ordered some food. and  i am over twenty, so i   drank  beer. and my teacher  ate a lot. and,  after the dinner,    my teacher  said to me, "   it cost a lot. so  the cost is due to me. so  you are not worried about the cost.".    and,   after the dinner,  i have an appointment. so we said good-bye in front of the restaurant.yeah.i went to harajuku, and  i will some shopping.yeah..some clothes..   i work as a cashier at the coffee shop. and  i got some money yesterday. .yeah. yeah..