. my name is .yes.nice to see you, too. good.. .   i don't know. i like to play sports, .. i like to play badminton.andthrow a frisbee around.yeah. i used to play it at school when i was in junior high schoolas a, like school subject.and i liked it then. . second year. i like  here but sometimes i feel it's too busy.because  we have lots of events...we have sports day.and our school festivalin autumn.yeah.i live in . almost all my life. i moved to  when i was five .my father is a pastor. and  used to be  an english teacher at .and now she's working for a  , translation company.and i have one older brother and an older sister.they're both students.and, yeah, that's about that.  i think it's good to be born in a  pastor's family   i don't know, because in japan, christianity is very, like minority.andif it wasn't for my father, i wouldn't have known  christianity, i think it's good. because i like to study foreign languages.and  i've been studying english for many years.and i thought this school would be like the best school for me to develop my english skill.because    this school  has  many english classes. and there are many foreign teachers.and all the curriculum is good than other schools. like  all the students are divided into small groups according to their abilitiesand so we can get  like   appropriateclasses like, you know, level and ..yes. i think it's a math class.and  this teacher is teaching but most of the students   seem not very concentrated. and   one boy is drinkingwhile he's listening to music. another boy is chewing gum. and girls are talking to each other.  but the teacher doesn't seem to care.so  kind of interesting . i  quite similar, actually. yeah, sometimes we are not very concentrated.and we're not this bad like drinking like this  you know, sometimes we're not very good . i think she has to  try to get more attention students.like for example to, like say "be quiet"things like that.  and try to make her class interesting.yeah.yeah. about japanese school having ?.yeah.  i think it's goodfor  because  i don't have to spend lot of time in the morning  thinking and then choosing what to wear. so i think it's very time .o k.o k. am i ?. so i have to,  o k. this is . you invited me to a dinner party.but i couldn't make it because i had something to do. ., i know. i'm sorry. but the situation is out of my controland  i'm very sorry to miss it. i really want to go, but i can't. i'm sorry.. i wish i was there. .  should i make up story?     my mother told me to  clean the house. sorry. it's very urgent. because we are expecting   a visitor tomorrow i have to do it today.and my sister was  told to do that but she went out.so  i have to do that. .. .butplease invite me again if you have another party.  please tell them i'm so sorry and that it's not my fault, it's my mother and sister's fault. so sorry.o k..bye.  i don't think so.. i think it was last summerwhen i had my friend's birthday party .   my family had two american  men stay at our house for like several weeks.and  it was one of  those men's birthday.so we had a party..  they were   short-time missionaries from a college in america.and they come every year to help our church.yeah.it was fun.yeah.  they come as a team of about ten people. came and some other people in church,  too.so   it was really . but was fun. lots of food and games and, .o k.  one day last week, we went to a campwith my friend.   we went by carand went to a riverside and made up a tent. and  we were having fun. but then it started to rain.and it got  pretty wild.and so we had to   go back to the car.and   we looked for some place to staythat night.and we found a hotel  near the riverside. so we stayed there instead of   sleeping  in a tent..yeah. i think it's because   more and more people are living in citiesand there are not much  naturein cities. so they like to go somewhere   to enjoythe nature... we used to go camping a lot,yeah, when i was little. recently, we don't do much.because  my brother is not  living with us any more.he's living in a dorm.and my sister    she is preparing to go to a music school.so she has to study a lot. we can't  make time for  family thing.. .o k. i have to go back to my classroom and  take the class.yeah. it's a classic japanese.and then after that, i have french class.and i'll go home and i don't know what i'll .. .but not today.o k. .