yes. my name is . nice to meet you.i'm fine, thank you. how about you?i live in .the place i live?  is a port city.   has ports.and how can i say, there are lots of western things  such as foods. and i can say that  is a kind of international city.yes.o k.  there are   six members in my family.yes. three sisters,  my mother, my grandmother, and me. my father passed away when i was a child, that's because of sick. so  all of my family members are female. i like it because  the atmosphere is really free. . so i like it.sisters?     i have three sisters,   they're all married and have children. i grew up with them. sometimes they  made fun of me.  yeah. i think having sisters are really good thing.i'm the youngest. i belong to   a language school. this is for chinese.. sorry. no. i'm a student of that school.because    as i told you before, i was grow up in . and do you know that there are lots of  chinese residents in ? and some of my friends are chinese, and   they told me about china, and i got interested in it. you mean, why i started to learn?i think one of the most difficult things in learning chinese is chinese characters.  one chinese character has several meanings. so i have to learn it. so i think it's the most difficult thing.yes.   it's different.but it's interesting.i spend my free time with my family. just at home,have a cup of tea, and talking .o k. this is a classroom. there is a teacher who is teaching mathematics. and there are several students. one, two, three, four, five, six. six students in this classroom. and two of them are really eager to listen to teacher. but the others are not interested in this class. and  there is one door, and how can i say, two windows in this classroom. and    one of the two windows is opened,  and the door of the classroom is also opened.my school days? you mean, in high school? it's completely different.   one difference is that they don't have uniform, but i had uniform when i was a high school student. that's a big difference. and i couldn't  drink some beverage in the classroom. and of course, i couldn't  eat chewing gum.and there is a mobile phone, but there was no mobile phone when i was a high school student.  yes. that's a big difference.. o k.hello.  this is . i'm not so fine because    when i got back home,  my house's window was broken. i don't know why..  how can i do? and what can you do for me?o k. tomorrow morning? sorry, but    i'd like you to do it as soon as possible.really? but i think you have a time to phone call.o k.   so   when can you call  to the shop?tomorrow morning?i think it's too late because at night, i have to go out soif i leave the house, someone can get into the house.i think it's terrible.how can i do?  just call.o k.. so  when i call them, can i use your name?o k. i will call them.o k.please give me the number.o k.bye-bye.you're welcome.. because     i've lived with my family.so i had no .no.i love my family so  i don't want to leave them..   i can talk to themwhenever i want.but if i live alone, i can't do it. so i can't stand it...o k.  o k. i start.one day last week,   a woman went to a department store to go shopping.  what she  wanted to buy is a present  for her  father.   she asked the clerk    what she should buy for her father. and the clerk told her that the necktie is the best. and she choosed one. and  paid for it. and   after buying the present for her father,   she found some nice shoes which is for   thirty percent discount. and she thought   it was nice so she bought it.  and then, she started to be eager in  shopping. and she also went to a  dress shop    which are also on sale. it said that   the blouse was fifty percent discount so she should bought it, too. and then, finally, she had lots of  department bags  with her.   she left the  department store with lots of shopping bags. that's all.i ask them what they need. .yeah. i think so. sometimes, i   give some flowers for my mother for surprise. .but  on her birthday or on christmas day,  i ask her what i should buy for her. or sometimes  i can cook for her...i'm going back home.. and have a cup of tea.  .you're welcome. thank you, too.