my name is . nice to meet you, too.yes.i'm from  originally. now i live in , .  i live with my husband there. we are only two   at house now.i have no children.yeah.  he works in information technology industry. i also work in software  industry. we didn't met  in his  company. but  simultaneously,    we are working in same industry.  he is very kind. yeah.  he is the same age of mine. yeah. .yes. i have my own office which offers i t consulting. i established the office last november. just i've been working for one year.yeah. i also as well as student learning business administration in the united states.it's very exciting, but as you guess, i'm very busy for studying and   working. now i save  my time for working because i have many assignment and examination from my grads school. however, i work with two staff members in my office. so  i should use some times for the office for  two member.. yes. . still in weekend,  i had to do my assignment. for example, in this weekend,  i have two assignment in economics and decision models which means  analysis for uncertainty. i use excel file to analyze. . so now it's coming for final examination next week. . .yeah.  i think my hobby is speaking english.i really like to speak at english. .  every japanese student  have studied english for many years when they were in  junior school. as you aware japanese english level is still low. so  it's same for me. after i graduate university,  i've been continuing  lessen for conversation in english.  but i feel it is not easy to express my opinion in english still now. but fun.of course, to speak in foreign language, i think it is to know  foreign culture or societies. i can see  many environment or  many things from learning the english.yes.a young lady sits on the chair.  at the front of her, there is a computer.     she shows a computer to someone. i can't see   another person in this room. but   she gesture her hand to a computer. there are  two pets in the room. a dog  on the floor. a cat  is sleeping on the bed.  a typewriter is also  on the desk. i guess she works computer as well as typewriter.  i can see a nice  stereo set near the wall beside the door. i guess  her hobby is listening to the music as  other  young people  love do.   it is quarter before nine o'clock. no, i don't haveany pets. i like dog better than cat.because  dog is more honestly than cat do.   i have no experience  to have dogs,  but many people says that dog can listen to   persons. when you talk to your dog, dog surely  listen to you. i think  its makes you relax. if  you have some stress, your stress will disappear because of dog's attitude.yes.o k.o k.i'd like to go to new york as soon as possible.  would you show me how to buy a ticket to go there?yeah. so i prefer express train to go there. do you have any kind  of ticket?so    i'm in a hurry. what time is the train  closest?yes. so  which track should i go?platform number two. so how much is the train ticket? seventy-five?don't you have any ticket cheaper,  but faster?yeah.yes.forty dollars. so   can i go  faster than previous ticket   which is seventy five dollars?later?i see. o k. i buy  express ticket.yes, one ticket for me.yeah. .. thank you.. yes. i had worked in american company for eleven years whose head office in ,  in the united states. i had several opportunity to go there   including  visiting new york.   i've been to the united states  over ten times.yes. and  now my class   hold lectures in frankfurt, germany. i went there  last october and last august.yes.it's fun.yeah.yes.one day last week.  last friday, i met  my father by accident.  at around  noon, we decided to go  have lunch together. we went to   italian restaurant.  my father  asked   a waiter  in the restaurant to have a nice seat located in the window side  after we went to the restaurant. i ordered carbonara spaghetti    and fish.  my father ordered  some fried chickens.  we drank some alcohol  instead of non-alcohol drink. it was  our lunch, but we have no business after lunch. so  we could drink alcohol together.  my father owned  lunch fee. i was very full. after we went out  restaurant,   i said to good-by my father, and went back my home.  and  he also  went back his home.thank you.yes.  i go out  for eating very often with my husband.   in daytime, i need to study very hard at my home alone. i have quite a few opportunity to speak with somebody. i need some fresh air to go outside, otherwise i only stay  in my home. . and my husband is very kind, and he  understands me. so we go outside very often.yes.yes. . i'm thinking  what should i do because already i have my office.   i want to maintain my business, and   of course, want to expand my business. but i need more capital. so now i'm thinking two or three years, i will work, then back to the office. but during my working, another two staff members  will . .yes.. yes.thank you very much. thank you very much.thank you.