good afternoon.my name is .yeah.i'm fine, thank you. how are you? yeah, it's fun. veryinteresting. because i have nice friends and i like the club activity.i do dance. yeah. there's a lot of people who like to dance now. so i do hip-hop and  locking.it's  that kind of dance. yeah. because i did dance when i lived in germany a little bit.and i was interested in dance. yeah.yeah. in england as well. i went to an international school   it was more fun than here. .and we did all the lessons in english.there were a few japanese as well so i  got .because of my dad's work.  he works for .my father. yeah, he's very annoying. yeah. he always likes tells me how to do stuff.but it's not that important. i like mom.  yeah.  she's kind. and she doesn't get angry so much.but when she gets angry, she's  yeah.now? in  . it's not that  modern. it has  like trees and farms  , i don't know.yeah. i go to like shibuya with my friends.or go home and watch t v, something like that..  at the moment, i like  harajuku than  shibuya. but it's more expensive to go there, harajuku. because  i don't have the pass to go i have to pay for  tickets.because  i found out that all the clothes are like cheaper.and there's better stuff. the foods  are better,  yeah, than shibuya. it's a mathematic class. and the teacher is explaining, but only one person  listening.and   people are like listening to music, talking and e-mail and like looking out the window.yeah.  first of all, like the seating,  we sit like individually here.but in germany,  we sit as a group like the size of this table.  and then like if the teacher asks us questions,  we can talk to each other and find out the answer.  .  when we wanted to concentrate,   it was o k. yeah. because the tests weren't as serious as in this school.yeah.  it wasn't that hard so just  we did studying at home. it was important, but it was actually quite easy to get good grades.because if you just hand in homeworks and just listen to the teachers, you get good grades.so . negative points were   i think that not much people  weren't really listening to the teachers.yeah. .. o k.     i'm looking for a blue t-shirt.yeah.   do i start from where i buy it?. . ..  i  bought a blue t-shirt herelast saturday. but it was actually too small for me. so  would you mind if i exchange with a larger ?but   i couldn't try it on in this shop because   you said that i can't. but it was too small.they said that  you can't try on the t-shirts.but you can try on other stuffs like jackets and stuff.  and the person at the shop told me that this fits me fine. so i bought it. but it was too small for me. so can i talk to the shop keeper?.  o k. then i'll come back tomorrow, o k? can i talk to the boss then?thank you.thank you.  yeah, .but when i opened the first ones, the second one was easy. the first one was like i beg my mom for like my birthday present.yeah. i was in england and all my friends  opened. so like she allowed me.she explained to my father.first,  he didn't want me to open them.but yeah, he said o k. he didn't want me to become like  the girls in shibuya,  like with blond hair  in japan.o k. one day last week, i went to the station as normal to go to my work.    i was waiting for the train   when the person next to me accidentally hit me and  i dropped my bag.  i told the person next me to go and get it. but he said it's not his fault and  he didn't notice. then the train came and i was worried that my bag would get crushed under the train. so when the train passed , my bag was safe.    and  i went to call the man at the station to go and get my bag for me. and    he got my bag.i think it's a good, yeah. because everybody can hear it and it's bad for the old peoplewho has heart .yeah. . e-mails  bad. . maybe  person at the station doesn't know either.or  if they knew, then they should actually explain  like instead of saying turn it to manner mode,   say turn it off completely.yes.. not everyday. few days a week.yeah, i had one  on the fifth. yeah, my parents can come, but they .no.i'm . .i came back   two years agoabout, yeah.yeah. a little while.this school?yeah.thank you.