good morning.yes. my name is .i'm from .yes. but  because of my father's business, i had to move a lot of times. in kansai region.. my father works for fire insurance company.i'm a patent translator.for about two years.. it is difficult. . it's mainly a technical translation, and also i need to know lot of legal things and application procedures.lot of.study work? what?. now i think it's kind of on-job training mainly. .i like playing tennis.. i started playing it since i was in junior high, and  i was in tennis club in junior high and high school. and then, i joined a tennis circle at my university...  not very often, but, sometimes  gather with my friends and play tennis. ..yes.but i didn't go up enough, and i couldn't win like top  quarter finals and finals. .i like watching baseball but not playing.i have been a tigers' fun for a couple of years. . no... this is the classroom picture, and   female teacher is teaching math. and there are six students in this classroom, three of them are women, and three of them are men. one of the students is talking to another student, and  two students in the front are studying very hard. but some students are  drinking juice and listen to music or chewing gum.  the student who's chewing gum wears yellow shirt. the teacher is wearing purple  skirt.no. .because, first of all, i don't like mathematics.  i don't think  i would be comfortable teaching in this class because not  all of them, the students listening what i would be saying.. i don't know.  maybe, first, the teacher can attract their attention or develop  fun  atmosphere and then try to teach what they need to know.yes.yes. . actually,  i was wondering if i could return this sweater. . there's a little hole in the side of the sweater. i would like to return it and change it with the new one.. no. but i remember it was a  woman with long hair.. yes.  when should i come here again?o k. and i work until five o'clock. so, is it o k if i come at around ?. yes.o k.thank you.call?..no, i haven't. . i don't think.  i don't remember any.sweater.yes, i do..   until i graduated my university, i often asked my parents to buy an expensive things like  personal computers.but, after i started my job,  so it's only two years ago, but i bought a long overcoat.and it was   about  forty thousand yen.and i used my credit card. .  when i went to a shop in umeda, i saw a beautiful white or cream overcoat, and  in front of the shop, it said fifty percent discount. yes,  and i've got all excited and went into the coat section.and i only found one overcoat that   suit me. the size. and i decided to buy instantly. and i didn't have enough money, so i used my credit card.o k.and,  can it be me or?o k.one day last week, i was   driving a car to my office, and there was a young man riding on a motorcycle with his   cellular phone in his hand. he seems to talking with his girl friend. and, suddenly,  he stretched out his arms, so i couldn't  instantly. and i hit this young man  on the back of the motorcycle. and this young man didn't hurt anything, but he complained about his  cellular phone broken, and motorcycle also was a little broken on .  and, when the  officer  came to ask the situation, i first told him that the young man was on the phone while riding the motorcycle. and i  blamed him for it. but the young man was not happy that  he was blamed. and   he did not admit he was wrong. but, finally, the police officer  assessed that i was not in the wrong side, so the motorcycle was sent to the repair shop, according to the officer's request, and the young man had to pay the bill.no. actually, i have to go to work after this.. not really. .. yes. i'm going to umeda.thank you.