good afternoon. my name is .sure.fine, thank you.i live in ..  is the city  along  line, around twenty minutes from .yes. i live with my parents, younger brother and elder sister.  actually, my brother is preparing for the entrance examination to enter college. since i'm now senior student, so i come to school  only two or three days in a week. i didn't do job-hunting.      i have not decided about my future plan, yet.    i hope to study in u k   to take  m a programme in peace studies.. i want to study  peace studies,  especially putting an emphasis on  conflict resolution,   ethnic or racial conflicts.  first of all, i can speak only japanese and english, so  i was trying to search japanese  graduate school  where i can undertake  research about that area, but i couldn't find.  it's    unfamiliar area here in japan. so then, i consider   studying abroad,    of course, i also  thought about studying in   the united states. but, i felt    in the united states,  the peace study is  too much related to   the   no, diplomatic policy.  so i decided to choose the u k as a place to study. because i have two problems. one is, of course,  finances, and the other is my english is not enough for studying there.  and also since now i'm major in law, and law is not directly related to the peace studies, so  i think i have to study about that area before entering graduate school. so now,  the most possible plan after graduate next march will be   continuing the current part-time jobs and studying by myself. i have two kinds of part-time jobs. one is a tutor. i tutor a high school boy  once or twice in a week, and also i work in the office of a small  trade company in . i work there on mondays, tuesdays and fridays from  the morning to the evening....  a girl is sitting on the chair   indicating a computer. .  , i suppose she is looking at the cat which is sleeping in the bed.  there is a dog, too. dog is also sleeping  on the floor.   the door is open,  although  from the clothes of the girl, i can suppose it's winter.  and  it's nine o'clock,   and june.  on the desk,  there are a computer and typewriter and some pieces of paper.   except for  a bed and a desk, there is   a set of  audio player in the room.. yes.   every night, i  spend  about two hours in checking and sending e-mails. .   now,   it's   my best hobby.yeah.. no, because  i have a lot of friends on the net already. so,   i am keeping in touch with friends from the english school in tronto, canada,  where i studied, for a month, in   , last summer, and also from the summer school i participated in this summer.yes..... yes, thank you. i'm  looking for something for souvenirs for my family in the united states.  actually, i don't have any idea. could you give me some advice?.japanese food? do you have japanese food here?. so,   what kind of japanese food do you have?rice cake?   how long are those rice cake ? six month?. do you think i can carry them   when i go back to the united state by a airplane?   so can i see some of them?. . what's the most popular type?.plain?  my family are six in total, so    how much do i have to buy?.?. yeah, so i'll buy six of thesejapanese food, so  how much?three thousand yen.  so  since i buy six of them, can i get any discount?.o k. i'll buy it.thank you... not here, but in foreign countries.for example? i've been to india, you know,   i knew  they gave me very very  expensive prices, so i try  to bargain, and i try to get  less than half of  prices, so and i succeeded. maybe, you know, the half prices were still very good for them.. first of all,   i don't want   to do shopping, you know, only with  japanese  since   japanese people are tend to be  deceived, so maybe  you should ask    your friends who are native in that country   to  accompany with you.....one day last week,   a housewife found there were nothing to eat in the refrigerator, so she decided to go to a supermarket to buy something for the dinner. she went there by a car,  and after entering the store,  she picked up some foods  for example, meat, bread and so on, and then went back to her car,  and  went back home.  and then, she started to cook  for the dinner..   very much...,  you know, i live with my family, and  i and my elder sister are student,  and my father    works out. so,  my mother always try to prepare  you know, something for us to eat at anytime, so i don't have to  cook  by myself. it's nice.  yes, but   she has to do so because we families cannot meet together for dinner or lunch, because the time to go home are so different...thank you very much. i will attend the last class of my seminar .thank you very much.