my name is . nice to meet you.yes.fine. thank you..i live in . . do you know the  station  just in between  and  ?so it takes about twenty minutes to commute.yes., yes. very  convenient.yes. ..yes.  i have   one husband, .and also two kids.   two boys, actually.yes. they are  seven years old and four years old.  so very noisy, and they're screaming each other everyday. .yeah.yes. ..   he didn't work, actually.  but recently, yeah,  he got a job...  elementary school teacher,    he finally   passed  the exam  for a  city  teacher's license. he will be,    i mean, the real  elementary school teacher from april.... yes. they're in a nursery school.    the other one graduated it. and he is actually   first grade of the elementary school.and second one is now  four years old, so   he is  going to the nursery school. ...  spend weekend?  just as same as   the  weekdays, actually,  in the evening. but i spend most of the time with my kids.yeah. and i need to cook because i don't cook  on weekdays. .not so much.and   i may going out with them. and, on every saturday,    actually, two kids are going to english .  but, actually,   not strictly   educational program. they're just playing the english teachers. but  i do think, you know, it is very necessary kids.  how can i say,  to hear, or listen, or just  absorb  sounds of  english. that's all, but,  on every saturday,  i take them .yes.yes. . i'm in a consumer insights and communications  section. it's a long, long name. and,  actually consumer insights is a market research function, and communications is a media function. that's the combined  department. and,   within the consumer insights, there're   no, three category researchers  which is  in charge of each  categories in a each p c.  each p c means  home care and also personal care.and the rest two managers  in charge of  category work,  sort of trends research .and my work is  taking care of all the qualitative research into . focus group interviews and  interviews with consumers. .yes, very interesting. , you know, because it's related to human , .yeah.very dynamic...thank you..o k.  a young  female teacher is trying to most boring mathematics, , to the high school guys, no, maybe junior high?   i think  they're high school guys because  some girls  make up themselves with eye shadows, eyelashes.  yeah, and  they show, you know, nails, color of nails each other. so they're enjoying fashion rather than mathematics.  and  most of them  doesn't hear anything  about mathematics.     i don't know if it is typical for ..   one of the girls   involving , you know,  handling  her mobile phone. i think  she is doing a mobile mail, you know.  and also, yeah, other girls are talking on nail colors and   cosmetics.and  no, just one boy,  actually, listen to  the lectures. and the rest two are looking outside of the window. and also,  rest of  and hearing the music. yeah.yes...o k.    i'm actually this one, i mean, yeah,   other  things, not always the cosmetics or  appearing or the boys matters.   i like to  think or imagine anything, you know. nothing related to the mathematics because      i didn't like the mathematics.yeah, so,  actually,  i, maybe, look outside as this guy and, maybe,  reading other books. ......o k.yeah..hello. .     i bought  this      today  at your shop,  maybe   two hours ago. i was very rush, and i , i mean, overlook the sign board.i actually  need to buy a different sizes of the . but  i certainly mistook, you know, and i'd like to  change my products to  the size which i want  to buy.. really??  but   i was  so rushed, you know.   but, if the sign boards looks, you know, outstanding and flashy, i don't know, then   i didn't   mistake, you know, but  i   couldn't just catch, .and i didn't use it. i walk around in this  shopping mall, and  i  happened to know, you know, this is the wrong size.... is it possible to talk to your managers?yeah, because     i bought a different size, you know,   which   i don't necessary.so,      if your manager  have a time to see me,  i need to explain situation.yes.  .yes. .  open the bag?.?no, no, no, no.  the outside wrap, i opened it. why i realized the size, but,  you know, the inner wrap,yeah, i didn't open it.yeah.yes.yes. .. really? where is he?o k.  so, maybe he'll   come back here. .yeah. o k. so, shall i wait here a moment? .yeah.? o k. then, i will  go out from this shop for a moment. maybe i can have a coffee, yeah, outside, and get back within  one hour. that o k with you?.thank you very much..o k. yes. .yes.     that was  twenty-sixth or twenty-third, maybe, yeah, year-end season of last year.and  i suddenly need to go to india for the training course in january. i need to apply a visa at that moment. and then, since the indian  embassy is just open on twenty-sixth, and i have just one day to  took a picture. i was so rushed. and, you know,  i thought that the camera man   would take picture for me at that time, so i just need to, you know, sit down and relax.but   the photo shop nearby my  company is just  introduced a new store there, you know, big  automatic  camera booth, i should say. ,  you know,  you can  walk in the booth and  insert the coins, and follow the instructions.  you know, just push  button follow instructions  to take a picture. but, since i was so rushed, you know,  i insert  the coins, maybe,  that was  seven hundred yen,  not cheap, . i thought it was expensive.  and, since i was rushed, i pushed the buttons too fast. and i mistake the size.. it was two kinds of sizes for visas and maybe, i don't know, for passport. i don't know. there was  two .and,  i suddenly realized that  i  took different size pictures.and then, , ,     you know, i was so rushed, so   i insisted i was   wrong. and, maybe,  ,the instruction was too fast or too slow,so  i got a different sizes.  "can i try again?". that's what i asked to the .. succeeded. ... i wouldn't say . ..o k. right..yeah.  o k. one day last week,   mister smith  drove  his car   to go to his office in the morning. and then,    although it was   weekends,  he need to work. so he was, i think,  rushed at that moment. and,  at that time,  one young boy is come across with his bike talking on his mobile phones   with his girlfriends. and,  because he was so  enjoyed  the conversation with  his girlfriend,   he happen to   crash a little bit  with mister smith's car.  and,  although,  i mean, mister smith was rushed, but he  got out from  his car, and  listened to,  i don't know, his name   because he was so angry  that his bike was broken, when crashed to mister smith's car.and also mobile phone was crashed.   a police  arrived to the crashed  situation for support, but mister smith  claimed that maybe he was   involved in  talking to  somebody on mobile phone, that's why  he was a little bit careless  to drove the bike.and the policeman  took his point, and, you know,  although  the guy on a bike  insist that  he wasn't wrong,  the policeman ,  who was that,  maybe the agency   who  collect those  crashed bike or cars,  just    collect the bike. and, maybe, i guess that the policeman judged,   i mean, the young guy   has a fault,, in driving his bike.. .sorry..  it is dangerous, yeah, i think.   although   he or she is good at driving,  either cars or bikes, whatever,  mobile phone,  you know,  makes one very concentrated to, you know, hearing the sounds.yeah, so  i think it is very dangerous, yeah. and that's why there is a earphones  just like this, you know, attached to the mobile phone. i think that is much safer of the car.but, not for bike. .yeah.....i hope so. . this coming weekend,  on saturday,  i need to work. .yes...thank ..o k. and sorry about being late.