my name is .nice to meet you, too.i'm fine. yeah. . i work in the skin technical group and i'm mainly  responsible for skin lightning project... i like my job because  i do many type of things. make a formulation and go to the factory, and  it's not always the same type of work, so it's very  fun to do... the difficulty is    how to achieve   the project because  it's not just simply make a formulation and then it goes to the market.  it's a total market mix so  that's the hard point. . . i like to go to  like  natural place like nasu or like nikko ,and have a cup of tea.. .  . . ... i don't like  busy places like tokyo.  . that was one reason why i choose this company . . i like to live in  not busy place like tokyo.  so i feel very comfortable here..i'm from . there's so many people. it's very crowded, too. . my family, i have a husband and i have no children. and   we're living in . . my husband works at  hospital and he's a social worker.yeah.  . he works near   next to , so  his job places pretty close.. actually he's from the same university.and we were in the same laboratory in the university. but      he changed his job, so that's why  it seems like it's very different from my job. . he worked as a scientist also  in a different company. but he changed his job.. it doesn't suit him,and i thought so, too. he likes to make a communication with people more than to do things with other scientists. . .yes. this seems to be like a  class. and the teacher is  teaching about  mathematics, i thinks.   the students are  not listening to the teacher. .  anything else?  it seems like a high school student or something.  .yes. yeah. i enjoyed it very much..  people were not  like drinking or like having chewing gum or listening to music.   they were like listening to the teacher or sleeping.   it wasn't like this. .this seems  like   in  or america or something.  . like drinking or like listening to music  it seems like in my image in america they doing that in a class.  . not in america.  i lived in , so it's a little bit different,  i think.  in my own opinion  like  i think it's because i see like american movies ,when there's a scene, of the high school. it's not so good.  their attitude are not good. so that image comes to me.  .yes, i enjoyed it. .... i would like to ask one thing.  i bought this  from your shop.but  it doesn't seem to suit me, so  i would to have this back  and exchange it to money or something else.   am i able to do that? i understand it was on sale, but   even that, i heard that  if it's not a sale,  you can have it back, so i definitely want the money back.could you talk to someone in your shop? when the manager comes back? could you talk to him and give me a call? i'll wait, but i want to talk to him.o k. thank you . no.  even if i don't like it,  i don't go to the shop and say "i want my money back.".   so i don't have this kind of conversation. right.  not often this kind of thing happens to me so.  . but even if i don't like it, i go to a recycle shop and then sell it. . . recently there's many recycle shops in japan. and they sell many things like clothes or toys or like electric things.so they would buy it from us and sell it as a reasonable price..yeah.  .   i went to  when i was about eight years old.and i stayed there for four years.and because i was a child   when i first went to the class, i didn't know any english because my parents had a policy not to  force me to  teach english before i go there.so i didn't know anything and i was so confused, so i had some trouble,  but everybody was so kind and the teacher was so kind, too. ... one point that i was very very  that reminds me of the experience in u k.  i couldn't speak english and in the morning, the teacher  calls everybody's name,  whether he or she is here or not. and when she asks my name,  i didn't answer anything for like month or two months. but everybody was  answering "yes, mrs teacher or something.". so i once tried for first time, and when i tried, everybody was so happy and everybody was so like fascinating. and i mean,  i think that kind of  atmosphere doesn't happen in japan.  i haven't experienced anything in japan. so i thought, " this english people  is very very nice and kind.". ... yes.o k.  using all this one?.can i start?one day last week, i was driving a car and then      a man was driving a bike and was calling with a mobile phone and when i tried to turn to the left, i bumped into his bike.  and then the bike was broken, but not so bad. but the man who was on the bike,  argued,  like it was  all my fault. so i was very upset because he was not concentrating how to drive or whether he was driving safely and i was very upset because he was calling with a mobile phone and i think he shouldn't do that. so when the police came, i talked to the policemen that he was calling while he was driving the bike. and then the police understood the situation     and the bike was  taken with the truck,and   everything was settled down...i think they shouldn't do that.  . i think it's too dangerous.right.  .yes, i use it, but i try to not to use it  while i'm driving.  .  i don't like people who gets like suddenly upset,and like argue as if it's    all the other one's fault.   it's like debating and   how to try to get their merit. but  i don't like these kind of people. .this afternoon, i am going to  check the presentation charts.. a big presentation is coming next week.. . is going to    give the presentation.so, i am going to check the scenario,and the charts and ...thank you very much.thank you very much.