good afternoon.my name is .yeah.nice to meet you, too. i'm fine.   pretty good.  i'm work in c a   my job is technical support. i'm in charge of indirect   channel  products support. no. my job is back office   work.  maybe  ten years. yeah.  first   i studied   about computer in  school    next,   i'm working still.   yeah, i like drive  and skiing .  now,  my car is toyota vitz but a  few years ago, i crashed a car    because i     lost my way.  now i'm not driving but  a few years ago, i usually drive  in  so hakone and okutama. hakone's best seasons is maybe  winter.because  winter is clear   weather and  very nice view  but  in okutama,  okutama's best seasons is fall  because fall is   change color and mountain and tree..    she's a  homeworker. and then,   she have a break time  and  then,  she's  communicate to she's pet she have.   she have the pet and  the  is  pets are dogs and cats and  and    the dogs and the cats is very  lovely  by her.  and  she's  hobby is listen to music and       she have a  one computer and typewriter but the typewriter    but she didn't      does not use typewriter now because  she bought computer.  yeah. dog.   my parents have a pets.   three dogs. in parents' house.   there is lovely pet but big  very  very problem .yeah.  yeah.yeah,  please show me   this  ring?    so,     please show me more than small and cute ring?yes. thank you.     i wanna   this one, . how much this is?fifty thousan yen.   so  please price down, just little.forty thousand yen. yeah, .yeah.yes.card.thank you.   . thank you. ..i hate shopping.   i hate choice of  products.  always i  lost the   my feeling is very difficult.     this one.  no,  i'm research  in using internet  i go shopping alone...  .yeah.  two man and a girl       go to theatre and then     they think    they are hungry. then, they go to food shop  and  they bought drink and popcorn and  any food. they hold that food and they watch the movie. the movie is    and very  very nice and fun  and   the movies finish is very clearly and very  happy and they're enjoyed. then they go  home. yeah,  but  i don't watch the movie usually.  but     i not have  free time and    weekendi sleep  all days ..yeah, always.. usually, i go home about  two a m.yeah .yeah, by train..,  go back to office. ..yeah.thank you.    i want refresh...thank you.