 my name is .yes. .  i am running  here.so i'm tired.? why?   i late. no, .  i stay in my home and talk with friends..   my friends  move  home, so   i say my friends good-bye. i major english literature.     i read english book and write japanese  this books,     to japanese.   i smoking cigarette or   i join to theater play club.so i am  playingor  voice training or running and stretch.. it's    theater cluband    the club play two times in one year.about two times.   this year,  we'll play   march. play?   play.    drink  with friends or   having lunch with my friends.yes.  ?o k.  one couple  in center table and  waiter have   wine. and   right table  a couple and a waiter.and    the waiter have  dishes and  left table's couple are talking with  and   a woman playing piano. and now seven o'clock.  i don't gothis kind  restaurant. when  i have   money.yes. and  i don't have   chance.  i usually go to family restaurantor   cheap bar. what's so special.  i can relax in these place.and   my friend  don't have   much money.  i and my friend.  o k. . hello,  i'm . i'm fine,and you?   do you go to theater with me?  tomorrow.tomorrow's  one o'clock.o k?.   and   go with a train to the theater.o k,    yes,   o k,   meet tomorrow.where?       o k,  seijo gakuen mae bus stop.    which train?no, no.  bus. o k.     we take to a bus to shibuya.. and   go to theater in shibuya.    it's a  home drama.yes.  are you like?...   i don't like so much,to theater.  i usually  watch movie  on video.       i usually  watch japanese movie,  starring asao tadanobu..      i don't realize  clearly but    first,    his act,  in many movies and   he have many fan.so  i study    his act.one day last week. o k..  one day last week,   my house's freezer is empty, so  i go to shopping  to buy fruits.    i bought meat and   and other fruits.  and  i paid the fruits' money and  i bring fruits  into my car.    i went to shopping,  take my car.so     i brought fruits to my car and   return to home and i cook  my lunch.  i don't cook usually. because i live in dormitory.  my dormitory didn't have a cooking space.so  i eat   my dormitory's  breakfast and dinner.and i have lunch  on restaurant or fast food shop.    it's delicious.and   i paid one dinner  about     four hundred yen but  this   four hundred yen but    my dormitory's dinner   very much..  repeat.  o k. o k.     i will meet my friend  and  i give  tomorrow's test's noteto my friends.and   my friends give menote. .yes.