. my name is .yes.nice to meet you.where do i live?. i live in  ward in .. near  station. fifteen minutes from the station.. it's   an apartment.. with my  wife..   we used to be  classmates in  graduate university. and  she also work for a architecture company.yeah. but different company from .. .. actually, i didn't study  about  architecture which you think this is architecture. i studied  earthquakes since japan has a lot of earthquakes. yeah.   but i'm in  architectural develop  department.  studied about earthquakes. . yeah. . because     earthquakes is one  big problem  which japan has. japan  has a  problem which must be solved to save people.how can we solve it? .   it's difficult. . but,  at first,  we have to think about the  infrastructure. but   infrastructure has   been builted already. so it's difficult to change it. but,  from a small part to big part, we have to change,  change and change.. usually, we spend one day of weekends to go  gymnastics and   exercise.. usually,  bike. and  bike for forty minutes. after that, just  do weight-lifting.yeah..  it has a jacuzzi   with the facility. so  i,  i , usually use it.. to go shopping because my wife also works in weekdays. so we have no time to go  shop in weekdays. so we have to  shop groceries for one week.yeah.. there is a supermarket near my apartment. so  we usually go there.... there are three tables   which all has two people each. and,  the front table, the   waiter is serving a white wine   to customers. yeah. and    one man is drinking a wine. . also, the  waiters has   shelf which has  some wines. maybe, they are choosing one of the wines  from them. and also,  there is a piano. and one woman is playing it. and  time is seven o'clock now. .. already  ten years.yeah.most romantic restaurant? . i think   i have not   brought her not so many  good restaurants. but  one restaurant we liked is    located in . and  there is a hotel, and the restaurant is on the top floor of the hotel's. it's not so expensive, but food is good... the last time, we went  there on birthday of my wife.usually, like that. they have a nice view at first. and    also, so we celebrate our wedding in that hotel. so the hotel serves us at  a little discount price.and  that is also good  for us.   yeah, and the food is also good.. .. yes.  . i see. . yes. .   my name is . and i joined the tour you  offered   the other days. but  i have some claims about it.  . even though  the advertisement of the tour  said that there are a lot of activities for free,   and   that's why we joined the tour, but   in the fact,   for some activities, you have to   pay money. and,   at that time, we complained to them, but  they said just "no.  we didn't know,     we don't offer that kind of service for free. it's optional.". .yeah.yes. ? did you? yes.. he said it's optional. yeah. "  we didn't know that we have to offer these optional tour or activities for free."..  so means you can't make any decisions about it?. so, could you change to your adviser who are  responsible for this kind of things?. could you tell him to call me back? my telephone number is one two three four five six. .yeah. and,  what i wanted to say is  since we spent another  ten thousand dollars for the activities, we  had thought it's already  include for the fee of the tour. so      we want you   give me back the money about it.yeah. of course. i have  receipts of it...yes..  yes. sometimes. ..  .  i can't remember soon. but,    when  i went to the island in thailand to go on vacation,   the advertisement of a hotel said all activities are free.  so this is like this kind of things which we did now as a role playing.  so   i wanted to try  boat sailing, but    the   clerk of hotel said, "no,   you can't do that. we can't offer the boat sailing.". so  i just thought  it is different from what i was thinking.yeah.. i didn't claim. just forget.. no, i didn't try it. there are another activities. so we changed..o k.. o k.  . one day last week,   asako and  yoko    leaves to the picnic by their cars.    they were bringing a lot of stuffs      to use the picnics. and they arrived at the locations which  they wanted to  build their tent to stay. and they fixed the tents  near the river. also,   they started to be ready for the dinner. .  then,   it is starting to rain. .  at first, the rain is not so heavy, but it's getting worse. so they have to give up to stay outside and   decide to go back. so they ride their cars and  try to go back  home. but the rain  gets  worse and worse. and also,     are a lot of thunders. and, on their way to their homes, they found the  hotel which looks nice to them. so they decided to stay the hotel. . and,   finally, they could manage to  stay at the hotel. and, now,  they are   relax, watching outside,   no, which is raining heavily.. favorite  outdoor sports? i like skiing and baseball.what's good  about?.  what's good? . yeah. . because i can ski faster than any other sports. so it's  excited, and also,   usually,  i can see the nice view from  the mountain. yes. and i  also was born in .so  one reason i like ski is just i was grown up in .yes.. usually, seven .. today? no.yes.yeah. .thank you very much.