. i see. my name is  .yes.nice to meet you, too.  not bad, but a little bit tired.      many meetings with colleagues..o k.sorry? .  i'm living in kumagaya town. you know the kumagaya city?. yes,  sure. it's  ,  sorry,   north part of the saitama prefecture. it's close to the gunma prefecture.it will take about   one hour and forty-five minutes from kumagaya   to my office in  shinokubo. it's  from  center of tokyo..   it's interesting because  i have a long time     in the train,  i used to read the book. and,   now   i'm  focus on reading the rule book of the  football game because i'm now  trying to have a examination  of  referee of the football game. i'm now focus on reading of the rule book of the football. and,  i'm interested in reading any kind of books, particularly   thriller or the non-fictions, something .because  i was  football player in a student age. and also,  my son, he is ten years old, he just start playing the  football game so i used to go to the practice, and football match every sunday., every sunday, and       i brought to the  practice and match with my son. so  he need to   spent of time as much as possible with the coach of the club team.but  ten years , he's now in elementary school, he,  how can i say,  so wild. and    he does not hear  anything about what coach say. so i take a part of the job or the task of the coach if i get the liscence of the referee soccer games.   i will play the referee of the soccer game.  during that time, the coach will look after the all of the kids. how to . . i decided....  i'm now in the  food marketing department, and  look after the brand of the . .  you maybe know the  black tea brand. and  i have responsibility of the figures of the sales and the value share of the  brand here in japanese market. retail marketing ...   it's tough, you know, but  it's also challengingbecause  the company of the  is     purly marketing company.so the company does not sell the commodity, but sell the brand. so  now the  brand is  much  smaller than the , is   the biggest brand   not only japan, but all over the world. go to the  united states or european countries, you'll see the  brand there. but  is little smallhere in japanese market.  so my task is growing further, and not compete with , but  growing further to establish the  business foundation to compete with other brand here in japan..o k.. that is the scene of the   class in,   maybe, the junior high or the high school. and  seems to me the   mathematics class. and me, too. i have the sympathy with them. i don't like the mathematics.  but,     some guys don't like the mathematics, but  seems to be nice.   i remember the situation in the same age.but,    what can i say,   it looks be free as compared to the japanese class. japanese class may be more polite. like   student  may be polite much more than the picture's. the picture's  have a situation   similar to the european or the united states student  the class. looks free.  that is nice..no., no,. never,. but    we can have chance to see the situation or the feeling of the class in the united states or european countries through the t v films or the movies.   i really want to go abroad  to study the languages or  to study   something because  they're so free. but    it's so indivisualas compared to the japanese ones.because  it's free and indivisual.  what can i say,  they have to learn about what they want.but, in japanese class,  they does not want to do so. if they are automatically go to the school and sit here and here.     it's  rule or the routine.and i do not want to do so when my kids, my boy and my daughter go to the school.i want them to go to the school spontaneously,by myself, to play something. so this is my personal feeling. the class or the system of the study in the united states or the european countries are   much more improve as compared to the japaneses class. .role play?..i see.o k.yes, yes.      i want to buy   and hard   briefcase  suitable both business and causual. and i do not want to have so much  for the business . but    i'm looking for the such nice briefcase to be suitable both situation casual and business.the color is also depending    on your recommendations. so i'm now looking for such nice briefcase..  of course, the price is also important.  cost must be about  less than ten thousand yens.... three ones. o k. what is the difference   among three?.... o k.   looks good,  but  if i want to use the bags or briefcases for both business and casual,  papers or the  or  my p c may be half a size of the a four. a four means, i don't know, japanese , but  my  note p c for the papers will have to put into the bagsafely. so,   if i want to put the p c into the bags,  those three are the suitable for?..?     how much about   those two?.fifty thousand. thousand. ten thousand. o k.   can i see the one  at the cost of ten thousand yen??o k, o k.  i want to buy this one.yeah, sure. waterproof.fifty thousand, but fifty thousand is,  yes, very expensive for me.shock-proof.yeah, but  fifty thousand is     .  is there any  discount available? five thousand yen . that's really nice. is it including in  consumption tax?o k.   that's reasonable. so, if i want to put the p c into the bag, that is very nice ., o k. i'll buy that one..sure.yeah.thank you very much..sure.because that is a rule .   the computer can use both in a office  and outside.  we can communicate each other by the e-mail system or the local lan network, both. so i can   go out from the office. i can communicate by standard.yeah....sorry, i can't understand what you are saying.  i see this picture and?..  you know,  he seems to be the  businessman.  he used to go to the office by using the train..yeah. happened before?.    yeah, sorry,    i ......what happened here?. . .. i see. so the time is eight o'clock, so   he's going to the office  by train. that time,   very crowd  on,  i don't know, the platform, but   he touched  other mans and  dropped the briefcase   onto the rail. that happens. but   it's very dangerous to pick up the briefcase by himself. or the . and he will  look for the station staff and ask to bring back the briefcase. .....how?...    on a train?on a train..     i think     it's not so crowd     peple on platform even  on the train  or the  newspapers or something like that. but  it should be care about the people around myself.     i may ask him or the her to stop reading   because the train or the platform is very busy. that kind of things?is it right?  ?.all right. .,,,sure.yes,  as i told you,  my town a  quiet countryside. there is a lot of space to play the soccer or the football,  . .   play football in a weekend is just a stress buster for me. talking with wife and the kids are also the stress buster.  .of course,  .i want to go back as early as possible., really? thanks very much.