good morning.o k. my name is . meet you.sure. i'm fine, because it's a nice day. i have a job, so  i can't go out very often. but when i have free time, i go to the gym and shape myself.yes.   i live in  and i go to the public gym.  it's called  . and i go there   by car. and there is a big parking lot so we can park our car. and i take  like gym training. at first i do stretching and then i walk and run on the route. and then i come back to the room and i do machine training. it was long time ago, when i had a baby and one day i looked at my body in my mirror, and i got so shocked because my body shape was kind of terrible..     after three months, i felt some kind of change  in my body shape and  i was very happy about that. and   i just keep doing it.  i like to listen to music or i like to read some books at home or if i have free time,  i can go to somewhere to have lunch with my friends  or i go to my parents' house.yes. they live in  and i can go there by car in twenty minutes.  it depends on the traffic situation but i can go there, i guess  we have lunch together sometimes.  i feel like they still think that i am their kid.and when i go to lunch, some place like expensive restaurant, they still  want to pay . they sometimes buy me some nice clothes. . almost the same. but actually my mom told me that  for her,  i am really important  than my child. i don't know why. because i am her daughter and my daughter is mine..  . yes. she is now fifteen years old. and she is  very active and very cute .and she is one of the members of her  at school.she's very active .and  since i'm busy i need her help and sometimes she prepares dinner for me.. .yes.   i guess this is a classroom in high school. and a female teacher is explaining charts or something on that board. maybe this is the math class. and the students are not really concentrating on the class.  only one students  sitting  just in front of the teacher is learning very seriously but     the boy next to the serious guy is like  looking   out the window. and the girl next to him is sending e-mails on the cellphone. and two girls are  maybe talking about fashion or something. and  one guy is listening to music and drinking something even in the class. my daughter now goes to a private school so she wears like a school uniform everyday. so  o k. when i was a junior high school student, i went to public a school but i had a school uniform. and    my daughter is interested in fashion now, so she buys lot of fashion magazinesevery week.but i was not interested in fashion at all. i was just playing tennis everyday.. and   differences  in the classroom? i don't know exactly what's going on in her class because i don't have any chances to go to her class and observe the class. so  i can't tell. but according to her story, everybody is studying seriously but sometimes she falls off asleep,   she says to me. because the school is far from my house. so maybe it's a lot of work for her to take a bus and train to go to school. and  that's it.  until high school, i guess,   i think so. .   maybe until twenty years old,  i guess it's  our responsibility to take a look  at her life and   i need to support her .and if she goes out with  someone bad,and  if she starts to go out with someone bad to shibuya or shinjuku,  maybe we can  discipline her  with the problem by looking at her appearance. her makeup orfashionor something. i need to check that.o k.o k.o k. i'm ready. yes, please.  i was supposed to be here twenty minutes ago but   i got in a traffic jam. i was in a taxi. so  i missed the train. could you  give me another ticket for the next train?i know. but it was not my fault. i was in a taxi.   i didn't do anything about that. i need to go to  tokyo station as soon as possible. i need to go there.sure.   sorry? no, no. it was an    car accidents. and  the police car came and the police officers were  checking the sites. and it took about thirty minutes. so  we couldn't move at all.   you can turn on a t v and you can get some information about the accident. i have a right reason .  my god. are there any way that i can go to tokyo station? it's o k. i can standby.yes.. thank you .yes.  once  i went to australia for our honeymoon.and    we had a chance to live in   because of my husband's job. it was . my daughter was in .so she has two passports.?  traffic  system. i think  is a kind of suburb. my husband office is  in . so he had to take a commuter bus to  everyday.  and the system for  business people living in .and    i didn't   experience that kind of heavy traffic like in tokyo.and i used car everyday for shopping. but we didn't  any accident or traffic jam at all. yes. so far, i can't think of any disadvantages. but  i guess  for her   not the advantages are she can go to american school  if she goes to america as an american citizen.and i guess it's much cheaper thangoing thereas a japanese student.yeah. she can get a job as soon as possible  gets there.and so far she has two passports. but  at some points in her life, she has to make a decision.. o k..o k.  one day last week, two girls planned to the camping. and  they are preparing for the camp and  there are a lot of things for the camp. and they put the stuff into the car. and  when  at the campsite, they started to set up the tent by the lake or river or i don't know. and they started to cook something .and  all of the sudden, it started to rain.  and then  the weather changed a lot. and  it was extremely windy and the camp stuff  was scattered everywhere and they finally gave up  to stay there. and then they got in a car.  in a thunder  storm, they started to go somewhere. and on the way to somewhere, they found a motor hotel by the road. and they decided to stay there. and they ended up   staying in a hotel room and looking out outside . .no. not at all.yes.  actually long time ago, i liked  playing tennis. and i joined a tennis club and play tennis a lot every week. but  maybe in  late twenties, i gave up  enjoying outdoor because    i didn't want to get aging spot any more. my skin is so weak.   my skin's  is allergic to ultraviolet,i guess.and actually,  it's from my mother. my mother has also  weak skin. and in the last several years, she had a skin cancer on her face. it was not so serious.  but she had to get rid of the spots at the hospital. and it was a kind of  like surgery. and  i don't want to get that kind of  cancer  on my face.so  i need sunscreen anyways to  summer outside. or   i take my   umbrella or parasol to prevent my skin  from sunshine.yes.  actually  i have a plan to go with my mom to shibuya to have lunch. that  maybe we can enjoy  window shopping or shopping.yes.yes.sometimes my father is at home.    he doesn't like to go shopping,. and if we go shopping together,  he has to wait at . and he complains a lot about that. right. thank you.