my name is .nice to meet you.i'm fine, thank you.  now,  i'm more free than before  because  i did my part-time job   in novembereveryday.because  that job  was for short term.. so i was very busy in november. but now,  the job was  finished. so i'm more free now.yes.   do you remember ?   she do the same job. checking test  for ,called .so  we did  checking test.yes. .      i'll spend christmas with my  . but   we don't decide concretely, but i want to   go a nice restaurant. .       my boyfriend is my   friend's friend.so   one day,   we met    through the friend.and       then we sometimes met only us. he is also university student.he goes to   university and now lives alone in .     he will become doctor. first,  he majored in    law.but he changed it.  now, he major in doctor course.yes.i think so.  and he belongs to ice hockey club.. and     he does  musicwith his friends.so he is very busy .yes..o k.  it is a fine day. on the street, two women are talking.   and a man is running the street..   one old man  is reading a newspaper.  and   in the gardenof a house,  a girl is playing  alone..  and two boys  are playing  ball game.. maybe it is sunday.and  all on this picture   will be enjoying their holiday.  i like reading books, so  i want to be in homemore than stay in outside.. now,  i like haruki   murakami very much. .  one of my friend  recommended mehis book.so i read it. then i liked his book very much.so now,   i am trying to read all of his book which was written. so  now,  i'm reading haruki murakami's book only.yes.yeah..this is  speaking.  i'm free now. so  i'm glad to  talk with you.  are you free now?o k. how about going to see movie?o k?  really? then let's go to see the movie..  now, are you in home?.  what time  can you come to  shinjuku?two o'clock?yes.  o k. then,  let's meet at two o'clockat shinjuku station.  south exit.and   south exit.then,   when you  arrive at the station, please call meto my handy phone..   maybe    we can see some nice movie about two.and it will  end about two hours.so if we have a time after that, let's eat dinner.   what do you want to eat?o k.    then i will  find some nice restaurant, so please   be looking forward to ..o k.bye-bye. recently, i haven't seen any movies, because november, i was really .everyday after the school,i went to shinjukuand until eight, i did my part-time job, so i didn't have a time to watch t v or to go anywhere...yes.. o k.one day last week, a  woman  went to shopping because she wanted to buy a present for her husband.  she decided to buy a    tiefor his husband. so she went to the corner of the  men's clothes.. in the shop, a man was waiting for her and said "can i help you?".  she said that  "i wanted to buy a present for my husband.".   and "please show me some ties.". there were many ties.  they were very good. from them, she picked up a green tie because she liked  green color,so she decided to give it  for her husband. and   she  bought it and the clerk asked her,  "may i wrap itfor you?".and she said, "please.".. then  he came  with tie  which was wrapped with ribbon.and she  was gaved it and said, "thank you.". then  after she bought the present,  then she wanted to show her clothesso she asked him,  "  where is the women's shop?". it was on the third floor,so he said  "go up the stepsand then  on the third floor was women's.". and then she went  the third   floor.. . i usually go to shinjukubecause in shinjuku, there are many  department store.in department store, there are many shops and i don't have to go   from shops to shops. .only one department store,   i can finish.. .   i will meet with my ..me, too.