my name is .nice to meet you.  i'm fine.yeah,  but  i don't think so.   but  the sun is very warm. so so. yeah  i don't like   cold  but  sometimes air is  very clear so very fresh so i like. i don't belong to club   but   in april so   i play tennis  club  but in july so     i went away this club  so because    this club  spend  many money so   i have enough money.yeah, so  now   i have  home teacher so  i have four students.  three students is third year of junior high school, so   january and february  so  they have examination for high school. yeah.  so   i'm good at mathematic   so   mathematic teaching is my best. my hometown is      in .. yeah.. o k.  so     have no depart yeah,  so before sogo  build in  but    sogo  broke up  and  especially    don't  build in . . sorry.  yeah. o k. so   a cat sleeping on the bed. so     one girl   show the computer display   to animal but  they are sleeping so  they can't watch display. so and  this time is nine o'clock.  i don't know morning or night. so and this season is june.  .  maybe i think  this room is the  girl's room.      the outside is  bright so  maybe i think this time is in the morning.yeah. i don't have  my own computer,   but my m d compo in room. yeah. and    telephone     also don't stand in my room.   and  my room is  wider than this room. so    before this my room   don't  mine room so   this was used my sister and i,  but    my sister became office worker so  i .o k.yeah. so  i want to buy new winter skirt  so     i want  red. color is red and leather skirt i want. so    it looks  so fit for me   but it look maybe i think     it is like  doll like so  it so    another show me?so    may i try it? so  it's good, i think. so  do you think ?really? . . .  o k.  i want to buy  this skirt. it's expensive. but yeah, o k.yeah. so  i always  go shopping in shibuya   because shibuya is  many many many department  .  so especially  i like marui. . . yeah, so  marui young. yeah. . marui young sell  pretty clothes, shoes and many accessory. so  i also like  accessory.o k. . o k. so one day last week,    i walked with my boyfriend.  his name was kenji.   so   we enjoyed talking each other. so i heard    weak voice so    i   noticed the box.    sorry. .  kenji heard  weak voice   and    look at the  box. so   pretty cat  is there so i   hold up the cat.   the cat was  until baby so   he said to me so    i don't like cat so     you must  leave the cat in the box.    but i said to him    the cat was very  weak and very pretty so     i take care of the cat so   may i , please. so  he   and    i hold the cat  in the coat so  he   yeah,    he agreed me. so finally,     i could take the cat in my house.yeah.yeah, i have one dogs and his name is ryu. so  my father  called he  but   i wanted to call he name   chiro so  but       he don't  it  so yeah,    my father called  so but  he is a little  cute dog.yeah,   today my class is . but   i  for this class because   after this  so    i have to go my hometown so  today i have a guidance for home teacher.yeah.