good morning.my name is . meet you.  . . . i'm fine, thank you..it's crazy hot.yes.i like    winter best.. because   i was born in winter.and i like the snow,and  i like christmas..sports? . . i'll enjoy skior some  winter sports.but i like basketball..yes.. . when i was elementary school student,  i belonged to the basketball club.and  i played basketball all day. and    i went on playing basketball    for  three years.but,   now,  i don't play it often. but i like it.. . because  i don't belong to basketball club.   . but i want to belong to basketball club,actually. but   i study english, so my purpose is to go abroad and  study english.  i want to    concentrate on studying.purpose? in the future, i want to translate books,  or  i want to be an interpreter.so  it's good for me to study abroad.. . . i don't decide,  actually. but   i moved  to have read sydney sheldon.and  i read it in english. . it was very good.sydney sheldon?.  . the content is  simple, and    usually,   a woman    has a   some mental problem. but,  in the future, she has very   in business.so,  in the end,  it's a happy story...yes.  . here is los angeles.and  it's a small town. .  in this house, the  family live. and   the family are  two boys and mother and father and one girl. . and younger brother and older brother  play with a balls. and    father is running along the street.   and,     i don't know the name, but she play by herself. and the  mother  want to walk with a dog. and    she meets    the friend of her. and they talk about her  childrens. . they  enjoy talking. .. because it's very fine.and  the house is very large.. and they have a large garden..yes.los angeles? .i went to universal studios.and i was very excited to ride on   back to the future's machine... or i ride in bicycles and fly to the moonin  e t's  machine.. we ride on   bicycles  like machine.and the machine, it fly to the moon.then,  fly to moon or  fly in space. and  we go to the  planet that e t live.yeah.yes.. i don't , .o k.yes. hello?this is ..  i want to go  a movie.yes. and   i want to see "a i".do you know "a i"?. . the boy    who acted in  "sixth sense".and the boy  is a  .and he has  human mind.  but he is a robot, so  there is a lot of  problems..yeah.  interesting, i think.   so,  let's go a movie.. when are you free?on sundays?.  i'm free on sunday, too.so,  o k. and    movie will start at  one o'clock.yes. so,    let's meet at  twelve thirty.? and at the station. at  waseda station.yeah.. ?.   where do you live??. .  do you know the shinjuku station?so, first, you go to the shinjuku station.and, second,   you change the trains to yamanote line.and   you get off  at  takadanobaba station.and then,  you   change trains to tozai line. .    it is bound for  chiba.   then, you arrived at  waseda station.so, it is o k? so   i'm looking forward to see the movies.see you on sunday.yes..  i like  watching movies alone.yeah. because i can concentrate on seeing the movies, and i can cry. cry without    being cared for anyone around me..o k.. last wednesday,  she went to a department store. .     the day after the wednesday,  another words,  the last thursday,   it was her husband's birthday.so  she wanted to buy   something he like.and, first,   she went to the necktie shop. .  and she found the beautiful necktie, and     maybe,   he will like it. so she decided to buy it.. then,    when  she went to her house,    she saw the final sale.and she want to have shoes. so  it's good chance  for her. so    she  watch   shoes.     but, then,  she didn't buy it. and  she went  clothes store. and     she found a  beautiful clothes.  and it's   fifty percent off.so  she bought it.then, she decided to go home.. . i asked the     what kind of present  do they like.and i decide to buy.yeah.  actually, it's not present, but  last week,  it's  my boyfriend's  birthday.and   i didn't know  what present i should buy. so   the birthday,  i ask him   what kind of present. . and then,  he said  he want to eat a lot of food.  so   i took him the restaurant.and  we ate something delicious food..summer holidays.. . i'll go to hokkaido with my boyfriend.and  i'll do part-time job.. i want to go to furano.and  i want to see some forest, some nature.thank you.