hello.my name is . nice to meet you.yes, . i'm from . i was born in .yes.  is very developed country in , i think. yeah. especially now, it is changing very rapidly. so now if you go to , and if you get off the airport in , it's a very new airport just opened this year. yeah. it's very modern  i think       compared to the narita airport. .yeah, i'm now living in , .yes, with my family..yes.  i, husband and my son. yes, my son, his name is . yeah.yeah. he's  one and eight months years old, and now he's going to the kindergarten everyday. yes. so every morning, i just ask for a baby sitter to take him to the kindergarten. but in the evening, yes, after i leave the company, i quickly go to the kindergarten to pick him up to back to home. yeah. yes,  i got this job just after i graduated from the university, yes, in i think is nineteen ninety three. .yes,   especially, i like atmosphere in my section. it's very good, very active, very open.yes,  so you can speak what you think  if you have some new idea, or  if you have some new, how to say,  suggestions or questions. so you can talk to your boss. so my boss, he is a very good person. yeah.yes, i'm happy now, i think..  this  very lovely picture.  yeah, i think  it's in the a morning, you know, yeah, the sun is shining. and you can see the boys, they're playing the ball, and green, yes, and one man maybe.   he's on the holiday. he's just running. yes.  o k. and we can also find two dogs. they're also playing together, and, yes, and  two women, maybe they're neighbors. yeah,  they say, " hello," "good morning," yes.    cat.  it is lying on the car.  yes.   this is a man. he is reading a newspapers. .yes, right.. yes.   i think if you go out in the morning, you can find  housewives, they take care dogs to have a walk, and they talk to each other. yes, also, yes, you can find a people, they are running  early morning.yeah. but it's difficult for me to find a person to read a  in the park. they have no time. they prefer to staying at home, or i don't know.   i think in , the neighborhood, they are   closer than the japanese..  how to say.  they   speak a lot if they meet each other, and also say, "hello, hello.". yes,  for example, "  what are you doing today?". "  what did you do yesterday?". or they just talk very much. but in japan, i think the neighbor,  they choose   some people to be the friends maybe to talk to each other. but they don't talk to everybody  around them. yes. . so just a  , yes. . but  , how to say,  maybe stranger   is not good, but i can found such  now. yeah, this , they have many garbage just out of their house, you know. really, but this is their area. so nobody  can you say, " you can not.". but  what they are doing, i can not understand. because in my mind, japanese is the very very clear. they like  clean the house very very beautifully. yes.  maybe it's  an  exception. ..? in japanese? no. .. .yes... so this situation,just we play?o k.  give a minute.   so i just want to play as my part .yes.you are landlord. yes, o k.     can you help me? i just have a very very, how to say, headache. you know,  my window were broken just this morning.  but   i have to go to a company, but you know, the window  broken. so i'm afraid if i go to company,  somebody were .so can you tell me some shops? .. .  yes.  the glass is broken. there is a very big hole, it's a  very big hole.yeah,  yeah, it's bigger than a baseball, i think so can you find a person or shop? yeah. . today, you can not. how about tomorrow? after tomorrow. i think i have to have a two holidays. it's too . o k, but o k,   i will ask my husband to stay at home for one day.  o k, the day after tomorrow.o k.o k. thank you very much.o k. in my real life? so far, i have .yes, true. yes.    my telephone. it was broken,  yes, last month.yeah. i just called to ntt. one one six.  i call to them, and asked them to come to my house, and check it. yes.yes. they said your telephone, maybe you know, the  i'm sorry, i just forget this word, , how to speak in english.  i  . yes. so  because of ,  your telephone line was broken.  because  i used i s d n, you know. it is easily broken. yeah.one, two, three, four, five. make a story?. one day last .one day last week, my friends, jack and bill came to my house, and we talked about something to do. and we just opened a magazine. and jack found, "  there is a very exciting film now on yokohama. so should we go there?". so i said, ", o k, it's a good idea.". and bill also agreed. so we immediately went out  to buy the tickets. fortunately, yes, we bought the three tickets, and  had some  beverages. " the film was  very exciting. and big planes and just a tom cruise also .  good, good.". so three of us were very satisfied.  and i said, " jack, bill, bye bye. and maybe we can see next time.".yes, i like to see the movie, but now i have a small baby so  i can not find time to go to the cinema, you know. i have no private time.my favorite movie? .   so but in japan, we also see the western movies, but in , you know, we also, .yes,  my favorite chinese movie maybe is ""."".   it described a life in a very, how to say, local suburb. so the life is not too good, but the people are very kind.  but they have to survival for the life. they work very very hard. yes. but something happened, some troubles.  also, this is the love stories. and men and women, they fall in love, but finally, they have some problem. they can not be married, and   yeah,   they departed.   but the woman, yeah, she could not forget the man. so  finally, she made a suicide commitment. so     it is very  sad movie, i think. but    yeah, it is very old movie when i was in , .at that moment, i think.   i was very impressed by this movie at that moment.yeah.yes, sure. yes,  quite busy.yes, especially now, we have a new comer changed  yeah,  a staff. yeah. so i have to teach her many things. yeah.yes,   it's  good  thing. also in japan, it's very challenging things  yeah, to have a job and meanwhile to bearing the child,  but i'm very satisfied with my life now.  it's very challenging. it's very hard, but it's very good.you're welcome..see you.