 my name is .yes, .yeah, it's fine.  my occupation?   i'm student.  my major is international economics. i'm student in . degree is master two. next year, i will graduate  the university.that's all. because  i'm interested in  environment. and when i was undergraduate school,  my major was  management,  but now,  my  interested in environment and trade. and  now,  i study  international economics and environmental economics.  i will go to france to study  more.   i will study  practical   commerce and in the future,  i will  work  in france.yes.  two years ago,    i have return to japan. for two years,  i was in france. in france,  i studied economics and management  in university  of .in tokyo? .   i like shopping  in book store or c d store.  and     i like walk  in shinjuku or shibuya,or roppongi.. i like    japanese singer and foreign singer.  for example,  for japanese singer, i like utada hikaru,  because i like her voice and i think  she is good singer..       i'm not good at  singing.  the situation is the school.   in the classroom,  there are many student and one  woman teacher. i think the class is for  mathematics.    a few student, he study hard but  many student, they are not interested in  mathematics, i think. and two woman talks  each other and  one student, he drinks the juice   with  listening the music. and one student, he eat chewing gum.  i think  he doesn't listen to   the class. that's all.now?.yes.   in graduate school,   there are not many student.  on average, in the class,   four student. and  my major is international economics, and the class of international economics,  there are   four student.    per a week,  one student,     we have to speech for our interest and we have make resume. that's all.role-play. .yes.    i want a book about  french.  next month, i will go to france and  i will buy the book for guide book in france.. . how much?two thousand yen. and i want a cheaper.. but i think    there are not much information.  i want the book,  much more information and not so much expensive. and  its write in japanese.   i can't understand english and  french. .  it's very match for me.  in card. .yes.  in japan and in france,i bought  some guide books.in france? .i like paris and nice.   i will talk about paris.  the paris is the most famous city in the world and  there are most tourists in the world, i think.  the paris is very nice because  in paris,  there are classic and modern. .  it's very much mixed.    i like that. and   in paris,  there are many  mode shop.  for example, chanel and louis vuitton.  but      in those shop,  there are many japanese and there are a few foreigners, i think..  i prefer paris because   i did  say before,  in paris,    there are      classic things and modern things.it's very much mixed. and   in tokyo, for me, it's   too modern and   there are not so much classic things.yeah.yes.   it's me? ?  it rained. and  i walked with my girlfriend.  we had umbrellas.   i heard the sound and i looked there.    there was a children cat. my girlfriend,  she caught it and we talked about it.  she demanded me to have our home, and i accepted it and we returned to my home..yes. i had one dog.?    in our home, we have one dog and   we can't go to trip   because  at least one person, will take care of it. me and my parents.this weekend?  i will study because   last week,   i have one test for macro economics.  i'm not good at macro .  after this test,  i will   study macro economics, too.yes.. it's my life. .have a nice weekend.thank you.