good morning.yes. my name is .yes..  to tell the truth,  i don't have free time because  my job is so busy.and  you know,  we have a holiday on  saturday and sunday.    in these days, i have to be in office on even  saturday  from nine to ten  because of my job is not finished.  so,  i wish i have a free time. a free time,   i am going to go to skiing,   i came from ,and my hobby is skiing. and two weeks ago,  my colleagues and i  promised to go skiing to nagano,from  friday night to saturday.so  friday night we departure and  on saturday  we do skiing and come back to my house on saturday.  it's our promise, but    because of my job, i couldn't go skiing.   instead of going skiing, i was in office on saturday. really want to go skiing now, and  fortunately, i have a chance to go skiing today   from today to sunday.and i wish  there is no problem about my job today.yeah.my mother? i have never thought of my . but  my mother was born in , so she is a kind of  people, .but  you know,  i was born in  and  it's been  about twenty-four years  her to live in , so  when i talk to my mother,  she never speak in . but  when she speak  to her mother, so my grand mother, or her sisters on the phone, she speak  in . , then,    i understand that  she is  people. yes. and    she had a part-time job before, but  because my father gets sick and in hospital now, so she had to  quit..and she is taking care of my father now..yeah... yes.   it seems like  ski . and  there is a lift on the right side, but nobody is taking. and   in the below of the picture,  a teacher is coaching  skiing to the students, i think. and  in the left side,  children is fighting by using snowball. and  in the lodge, a couple is having a rest.   and  in front of the lodge,  there are   some skies and snow board. and in front of the ski, a snow man is standing.. for me,  skiing is    not hobby, so i mean that  when i came to   about six years ago, so i was a  student, so when i first came to , i heard that  my friends  from    if  they have a plan to go skiing, so  you know, they have to go to  nagano or niigata, so by using car or bus or train. so for them, it's a very   big  travel. it's a kind of travel, i think. but for me,  i can see the  ski   from my house and it takes only about thirty minutes by car   to  reach the ski , so for me     skiing, it's is not big  hobby, so  i don't think  skiing is a part of my life,  but   it's  same thing  as doing circle or something. ., it's very usual situation,doing skiing.yeah.yeah.. ... just a ..  o k.. yes. thank you.yes,  i'm going to go to new york from now, and  i want to go by train. and  do you have any information to go by train? so, i mean,  the departure time or the cost or something. so, please tell me about it.ten-thirty? and   how long does it take to get new york by that train? yes.  what kind of trains do you have?.    . so,  is there any difference  on cost?. how much does it cost to go by express?and the local one is?twenty. .  . fortunately, i have a lot of time,so  i'll go by local one.and   where is the platform?.. o k. thank you very much.no, never.yeah. yeah, sure. but  my hobby is  traveling around asia, so i have never been to europe or america countries. .because  it's just my image so it's not right, i think, but     compare with the asian people, american or european people is not kind, i think. and   it's not  that  i don't like going to america,  but   rather than going to america,   i wanted to go to asian countries because  i think    i can have a lot of experience  by going to asian countries because  asian countries is very different from our situation in japan, i think, so it's very  enjoyable for me, so i have never thought of going to america.yeah..yes. yes, and  can i ask you a question, please?  . .  it's not me.  so,    i mean,so i start to speak by using this men or this man, "i".. .yes.o k.yes.  one day last week,   a man is  driving on the orange car. and  while  another man   was taking  the bicycle  who is calling   to his girlfriend.  and  suddenly,  the car and the bicycle crashed, and    no, no, no, no,  the man who was taking the bicycle's mobile phone was  out of order. moreover,  his bicycle was also crashed, so   the driver of the bicycle  asked the driver of the car to repair   his bicycle or  asked to the driver of the car to give the money for the bicycle and mobile phone.   but  their discussing was not over, and after that, a policeman came and  the policeman listen to them  about the accident.   and  the driver of car   was  explain to the policeman that  the reason of the accident   was  because  the driver of  bicycle was using the mobile phone while he is taking the bicycle. so,  he, as the driver of car,  insisted that  the crash was not his responsibility. and  after finished the discussing,  and the driver of car    have gone and   that pickup  truck came to   pick the motorcycle  up and  bring it over. and the man who was taking the motorcycle was left there.  advantage of the mobile phone?  . i think  we can call anytime, anywhere.and  if i  have a plan or promise to meet someone and    the place where we meet is very crowded situation,    the mobile phone is  very useful. . but  i have to finish  my work  until ten   because  ten o'clock,  it's a departure time .yeah.yeah.yeah. thank you very much.yeah.thank you.