yes. .my name is .i'm fine.   but  sleepy..    i went to bed yesterday  at  one or two..   i was  doing my homework yesterday.yeah.  i major in economics and politics. but  they are too difficult ..yeah. because      i'm interested in this subject.yeah.  i usually sleep or   read books or play with my friends..  i read   novels. .novels.yes.  i belong to baseball circle  my  is pitcher.yes.sometimes  i   pitch in a game.yes.  my team's   member is  forty-five members. and first grade student is seven members.     my team won the tournament  to best eight. but    semi-final game we cannot go..yeah. i'm very  about that..a girl, yeah,  is    jumping .  yeah. and the boys playing with a ball. and  the man running. .  the woman talking about something.the cat   sleeping  on the car. and the man read newspaper.  the sun is very fine.. between the houses  is  very .  and   there are  four trees. but   our neighborhood we cannot see  like those trees. .  i like  about my neighborhood is    houses' distance very short.that's i like.yes..o k.?yes. this is  speaking.  let's go to the  movie theater with me. what time   should we go to the movie?o k.    how do we go there? . . i would like to go shinjuku.o k.shinjuku.so  how do we go ?j r? i will go by seibu shinjuku .      so i  wait  in front of  shinjuku .at five.thank you for calling..see you later.yes. i was going to  movie theater    three weeks ago.and  i  "".that's too wonderful.wonderful.that's very wonderful..  the movie, yeah, was very broadcasted on t v. so   i'm very interested in this movie.yes.a little .  i'd like to go to more  cheaper.no.  i don't have video .so  when i would like to  go  see movie, i have to go to movie theater.one day last week,  the  rainy day we walk    around my house.     that time,  i heard  something.  then,  i searched around there.  a little cat in the box.   my girl friend  bring the cat to me and said, "   i'd like to have this cat.". but i said, "no.". but   she didn't hear me.     so we  take the cat  and  went back to home.yes.i have a dog.but the dog was go .go away.  i brought the dog  from my neighborhood. please one more time. sometimes. i take care my dog.but usually, my mother  takes care of the dog.thank you very much.  i don't have    anything special.so  i'd like to go somewhere.thank you very much.