my name is .nice to meet you, too.fine.on friday.  usually i have a job, so from nine to five   i'm in job. and after five  i play with my friends or go home and watching  t v. at -.     it's very comfortable area and  there is many  residence and park. and  it's very useful to go  shinjuku or ikebukuro. so i like there.  it's very useful and   my house fee is very cheap. and   my room is   very big soi decided that.no. my family live in in  prefecture. i have parents and  i have two brothers, elder brothers,   and  my father is   publisher?   he is publishing newspaper  for the doctors. and  my mother helps him and  she is now  counseling other people. i like playing ukulele.  i  started  about two years ago.  my friend introduced me, so, i'm not going to schools but  i like playing ukulele.  finger technique, it's very difficult. just reading books.and  practice every day or .  a  woman is sitting  chair. and    she is now  playing personal computer. and a cat is lying on the bed. and the dog is lying under the bed. and door is open. and  now nine o'clock.   it's june.      there is telephone and typewriter  and  audio player.  and the woman wearing green  sweater and blue skirt.  that's it..   i have no bed and i have   no pets.  and i also have personal computer.    my room has bigger window.   and perhaps this room is in the house. but my  room is one apartment. i use it for the e-mail and internet.  and sometimes i write diary.yeah.. . if i write in the paper, i have to erase when i  mistakes but  personal computer, it's very easy to erase and rewrite.yes..o k. i want  brown coat for this winterand  i like to buy a  long coat. so, show me     i'd like to try this one.o k. and       it's little longer than i thought can i try it?  it just suit so how about   you    .      . it suit for me?. then i'll take this one.three hundred fifty dollars.   o k. i'll buy it..  .   cash please.. thank you..yeah..    first  color and  design and when i  try it  it suits or not. and the price is very  important.last sales? yeah. . thank you.  i bought some skirt and another blouse. by myself.    i take much time to choose  one good thing. so  if my friend is  worrying with me, it's  not good for me. so, i like by myself....  one day last week  i thought  i will try to cook new  menu. but   no stuff is in the  refrigerator. so i go to supermarket   by car. and i choose the stuffing and ingredients in the market. and  i bought some meat or  fruits or something and     i put the stuff in  my car's trunk of the car. and i go home and i cook the  nice meal. sometimes. i bought   some,  , ?  some  lunch box in the market or go to eat with my friends. yes.  i like  shinjuku area so  some restaurant i like to go.  one restaurant is the  very narrow and high building. so not so much popular, so it's very  comfortable to  eating and the bread is very nice taste, so i like it. my friend told me.yes.this weekend.i have to clean up .     last weekend i had job and not so good  weather, so  i don't want to  do cleaning. but      ? this weekend's weather is very good, i heard. so, i'd like to. no. .. thank you very much.