good morning. my name is .fine.o k.good. very hot. no.  my office is at the corner of the  .yeah.o k. .  i originally belong to the aerospace group at . but  as right now, i am working for a company . and i belong to the first section of that  company. and i'm handling  program called , the  radar of the . and i import that radar and  deliver it to the   which is  . this is my forth year  in this company my  previous  days here at  was  basically handling the year budget for the section, so  i didn't  go out   much, you know,  meeting    the customers. right now,  i'm pretty much out  going outside,  contacting our customers.yeah.yes, i do.entertain. .   we do a lot of things. but  basically, we go out and  have a dinner. and  some alcohol will help us a lot.difficulties. no.  basically  i usually have fun entertaining them.  having  some good food,  couple of drinks. you  see a different side of the customer, having dinner and having drinks with them because   in a conference room, it's like  very  strict and  you know, everyone's very serious. if you go out and have dinner, couple of drinks,  things loosen up and you can see the    the private side of customer's face. and  yeah,  i enjoy it.. i go to the states  maybe once every three to four month but i see americans do that kind of  entertainment. for dinner, .so i don't really say that very japanese style but  i think it's  very common    worldwide.yeah..no. it's too hot.  the humidity in japan is  too high.  it's very uncomfortable.  and i don't do any, what do you call it, those  sports in summer.. i don't go to the  ocean. i don't  do anything. i just kind of  try to stay   you know,  in a cooler place. but i like winter better because  i've been playing ice hockey for about  twenty-two years now.  and comparing summer with winter,   i can definitely say that i like winter  more.  it's  the classroom. a woman standing here  i think, is a teacher  teaching, i think, this is math.  there are six students  in this picture.  actually i think there're seven.  one student  i can identify a hand.  to include that, it would be seven students.  to start from the front row to the left,  a student is  just sitting, looking outside, chewing gum,  making a bubble.  the one in the middle seen in the front,  he is concentrating on the blackboard.    i think he is listening to the teacher. and  i think he is learning. the one on the right side, a girl  is,  this is not a calculator, i think this is  what is this, maybe a cell phone.  she might be calculating by using her  cellular phone or she might be checking her e-mail, but  i'm not  sure. but i think  she is not   concentrating. in the second row,  in the middle, a student is listening to his, i think, a walkman. he has an   earphone or a headset on. he is drinking a juice, i think.   it looks like a tea. and  he is closing  his eyes.  he is not listening to the teacher.  the girl sitting    far left side in second row, she is talking to a friend who 's sitting behind her, having good time. she has a mirror on the desk.  she maybe just  polish her nails. and the girl sitting right behind her is  just talking to her and just having a good time.. maybe because they don't have any interest in math. maybe   the lecture is boring,  it's so by the book maybe.  maybe  i don't know.  i would way this is high school, so   i don't think  many high school students  enjoy math, so  i don't know. maybe just lack of interest.what would i do?  i would ask more questions to the students to  get them involved  in the classroom.   yeah. to draw attention, i would  solve some  difficult questions to them,  make them think.  maybe try  you know, a pop quiz or something.   write some questions on the blackboard, have the students come up,  solve the problem.  basically just get them involved.o k.yes.   i recently came here and       i bought this book. and it wasn't actually what i  had in mind, and  i would like to  turn it back, maybe  get refund of it.  is that possible?  a policy  of your company?i see. . would it be possible to give maybe like a fifty-percent refund?is that a policy? it that written down ?it's a written down policy.o k. .     allow to say this,  but   i would really think that that policy is not a very good one because  many people do   make mistakes  purchasing items.  when wondering a shop, they may  assume that this  item is what they think they are, but when they  bring it home and  look through it,  sometimes people find out that     the quality of that item is not what they had in mind. and  when they make those mistakes,   i think people should have an option .o k. . .yeah.. all right.   instead of a refund, i found this   the book that i really did have in mind. and the price is about the same.  would it be possible to exchange it?so may i talk to your manager?he's in a meeting.  can i get an appointment with him?you don't know.o k. then,  i'll  give you my  cell phone number. if you  get touch with him, could you please   let me know.o k.  thank you.no.i didn't.    when i go shopping,  i don't windowshop. browse around.      i go to a  store, i try to find that item. if i find it, i'd buy it.and i don't compare with things, and i just  know what i want. and basically  i have no problem with that in the past. this is me? .. .  looking at this picture,  if i start from number one, a guy is walking to a  train station.  i think it is eight in the morning, so rush hours. all right. number two. he gets to the platform. he drops his  bag and  the hand carry lands on the  rail taking the whole track.  in number three, he is  talking to the guy next door.  number two, he bumped into a gentleman on a platform talking to his, i think maybe, a colleague or something. and i think he is blaming on that guy that his  elbow hit him, and that is why  his  bag fell down  to the  rail.  number four. the train comes.    it goes over the bag. but fortunately, since the bag is between the rail,   the bag didn't get smashed.   and in number five,  the guy who dropped the bag was relieved. and number six,     i think is this is an officer or maybe a employee of the   train company comes and   picks up the the bag for this gentleman and gives it to him from below.how could he have avoided? maybe just being more careful not to  bump into someone or hold onto his bag more firmly.i do. just  too many people on the train,  get smashed every morning and  it's even hard to breathe. maybe it's very hot outside and   sometimes air condition is not very  good enough and  it's too hot.  everyone is sweating. yeah. the worst case is when you have a very  sweating guy standing next to you and  his  body temperature is very hot and  it's very uncomfortable.. i don't do anything. i just  bear it. and it takes about thirty minutes   to get to my  destination. so i just bear it and  keep eyes closed and just wait for thirty minutes go by.     i'll probably increase more trains so that the  crowdness would decrease.thank you . this is friday.  this weekend, actually,  i'll have to go to the office.  i'm going to the states for this training thing about two weeks. and i have to  prepare this document for a meeting which is held   next week. ..i'm going to los angeles. but i've heard   it's hot over there also. .yeah.thank you.