. my name is . please call me ..  now i live in  city. now   city change name.  this name is  . but  i just moved to  from   the last week end. so today, i little bit very tired.. with husband.. my husband    work to  company. company's name is  maybe. so and   he is same age, and  he can speak english very well.  so now,   i study english.yes, but i have job as a part timer.. my job is to help to . so  i help to  to .  i can't explain because it's very difficult.   i work   ten days or twelve days a month.my hobby is  to e-mail because  my friend live in  area, so i can't see with my friend. so now, my hobby is e-mail.exchange?. my computer is not personal computer. . my computer is  web t v. web t v is  not cellular phone, and not personal computer. so only internet and e-mail. .  this computer,  i'm so sorry,  join to television. very rare.. weather is sunny. so  there are seven peoples and three dogs and one cats. and  one of  them is reading newspaper. and one of them is jogging. and   they are talking   on the road. . and   one of them has one dogs. .  .no. ..  because my neighborhood has a lot of farm. so this picture  doesn't have farm. and i live in apartment, but this picture is house. so   it's difference. . and   there are many children  in this picture, but my neighborhood, nothing children.  there are many old people in my town. . because we have to  move to my city on his business. so because  before  my apartment will be broken because  this apartment was built four years ago.  so too old. so that building will be  broken. so we have to move to new apartment.yes. . but apartment is very good, but neighborhood is not . because it's very far to .yeah.. i like to go to new york. .  please tell me    can i get ticket to new york?and  where can i get ticket?. .   how about is it takes  to new york?. ? . does it takes time to new york?. so  i'd like to go to more early, so do you have express?. how much is it?.  so   if i go to new york   by local, how much is it?. .  i will go .. one adult, please.thank you.thanks.no. i .yes.. i went to canada three times.because i love canada.so canada's nature is very beautiful, and people is very kind. so i love . i went to another country, but  i really love canada.. i went   for travel two times, but one times is not travel because  i want to study english. so i went to canada to study english. but  in japan, i didn't study english.    so   when i went to canada, i couldn't study english because  i didn't know how to study. so    i really disappointed. so now,  i want to study english..one day last week,  we went to the restaurant. and,  and he told    waiter, so i'd like to sit down no smoking. and we sat down. .     and  i'd like to eat chicken     he told waitress  i want to eat chicken and beer and fish and they  have nice time. and they ate chicken and fish and beer. after then,  old guy  treated him. so     and    ,   he said him   good bye, today is very  good day, and very delicious, see you later... yes. .  my recommend restaurant is  in  because  that restaurant is very delicious and very cheap for student.    but  we are not student but it's very cheap for us. .  it's very nice restaurant. and last week end,  we went to the this restaurant,  and we told waitress  we will move to another city, so good bye, but this restaurant,  we like this restaurant, so   we don't want to go to another city. ? pardon?no, i will go to  because it's a first time for me, and i want to .thank you.