good morning. my name is .yes.nice to meet you, too. it's fine, but i have  allergy, so  it's not so fine. summer.yes. best. . it's     it's warm, so i want to try to do anything, so i like summer.yeah.yes, . i like to read some books,  especially written by   british men or women,  for example,  "the remain of the day," but  he's not  british man, but i like the story. .    or "pride and  prejudice"  and so on. and  i like to see movies, but  it's little bit expensive for me to go to movie theater, so  i usually watch to them on the rental video.yes.yes.yes. . my family  only my husband.  we just got marriaged   last  september. so  now,  i'm not relaxed in my house  but my husband   likes to drive  his car. and  he likes   to wash his car.   i don't understand why  so like his car, but  he always says to me  his car is the best car  in the world. .yes.yes. . it is in a expensive restaurant and    in the  main person is  a couple   in front of two tables in this picture. and   they started to have the dinner and   he is tasting a wine.    and  there is a piano. a woman is playing  it and  there are  two couples. and one couple is  enjoying to have dinner and  another couple  is served    main dishes by a waiter. and   there is a sommelier and he is asking a man     it is good wine or not.that's all... i want to go this restaurant to celebrate our wedding day.yes. with my husband or   with our parents.   in addition, if it is , i want to go this restaurant   as many times as we can go. . i usually go  a casual restaurant   near my apartment. . the restaurant  serve  italian,  especially good spaghetti..yes.yes.yes.yes..yes.yes.yes.  i want a skirt.  and  i'm going to a casual party   to celebrate a birthday     of one of my friends. so   i want to wear  pretty skirt and   feels  spring. do you have like that one? ..yes. and   i want my body so stylish, of course. and  so   tightly, that mean,  i'm worry about my  hips and legs. so       i'm sorry,    i want some people to watch me very  stylish. so  what's kind of skirt do you recommend?.  thank you. and   do you have another color?. what's color do you have?. which is better for me, do you think?  i see.  may i try this on?.yes. . so  i'll take it.thank you.yes.ten thousand yen.  little bit expensive,  so  i want to buy   more unexpensive one.two thousand yen.yes.  i take it...yes..  why? where??  i usually buy my clothes  at isetan in shinjuku because i have a isetan card. yes, and  i also  buy them    in aoyama.but  at the shop of aoyama, it is  little bit expensive for me to buy it,so   i often go there, but   i can't buy them at ..yes.. .one day last week. yes.  excuse me. one day last week,  the old man met   his son in front of a   favorite restaurant. . he wanted  to have lunch with his son because  his son  tried to pass the examination of the university. and    the old man  wanted him to be refresh.      and  the old man,   he reserved a favorite table and he show his son the favorite table. and   when a waitress  ordered     their order,  father   recommended   good one for his son. and   they started to enjoy their lunch. and  his son   failed to pass the examination three times,  his son could drink a bottle of beer.    and they fulled. after they  finished their lunch,   father paid. and   they said good-bye each other. and   his son were going to study at home and father  had to return his work..yes..no.  i'm going to isetan.to buy  skin care item..yes.. yes.    i take  a medicine....