?how are you?yes.  my name is .yeah, it is.but   i think it stopped.yeah.yeah.what do you do?  i'm a housewife. don't work and  i'm just looking for a job.  suitable for me.    actually,  a office workbecause  i worked for a office for   ten years ago. but  i guess i just have a sort of skill as a office worker.so  i'm looking for such a job. i registered  my name to the sort of part-job company. i don't know   how to say in englishsuch company  and then if   there is some good job for methe   operator or manager, i don't know, but she will call meabout the job.how about this? how about that? or something .yeah.  at home actually  i'm boring sometimes 'cause  i don't have  anything to dobecause i don't have any kidsi don't have any pets. just i have a one husband.and  i go to workout once or twice a weekand every wednesday,  i came to  this english class. past two months.and yeah,  usually i stay at hometo watch t v or to listen to radio or read a book or something like that.yeah.my husband?  he is , i guess, a typical .. yeah, i mean typical mean   he doesn't want to help his wife.i mean  i guess he can do.i mean  he can wash the dish or he can wash his clothes orsomething like that. but he doesn't want to if , you know, if i were at home.but  he went to  australia for his business trip.it had been for two months orthree months. he had to do by himself. ..  he cleaned and he washed. you know,  he did everything.but at home,  he does not.yeah.yes. .yeah.all right.  it is the picture at a very gorgeous restaurant.and   it's very large room and only three tables are there. and    a waiter just try to serve a wine. maybe  a man asked him to bring some good wine for the dishes. and   there are three couples at this restaurant, actually. and  they i guess they look enjoying their dishes. and a lady playing a piano. maybe    it is a job for entertain or something..is it all right? maybe, anniversary orcelebrate for something. , last night.yeah. it was our wedding anniversary.seventh. yeah. but you know, we just cheered with just a glass of champagne.and we enjoyed  just  usual dishesbecause we will have a sort of  unusual lunch  on this saturday.so it's just  pre-celebration,for our anniversary. yeah..no, .yeah.   at restaurant,   maybe  two years ago. .just  for special event, you mean? yeah,   anniversary i guess, wedding anniversary,two years agowe went to a restaurantat a melbourne in australia,yeah because  we went there to watch . australian car racing grand prix or something.yeah.yeah, it is.yeah..i will call you? and .  . give me a couple minutes.. hello. how are you?yes, i know. i am sorry.  i couldn't go, because just before i left for party, i went to the hospital to checkmy stomach condition.and my doctor said you had some sort of unusual things on my x-ray. i was shocked. maybe it would be cancer or tumor.  i was not sure  at that moment.but i was so shocked. and   i had be there to have some more serious health check.and i know i  had go to your party. but  i couldn't remember what should i do at that evening. so  i went back to my house straightand , you know,  i couldn't tell about it for anybody.. ?.  it's a surprise party? ..yes.    but  sort of  feel very badbecause i had to  wait  result of my  health check.it  depend on a result i have to have   operation. so i'm so sorry.   i'm so embarrassed you. but   . yeah. but  if i were your partymaybe i look  so sad or serious. and it makes  my friend and include you worry about me.    yeah,   maybe  i enjoy the party, but  after, you know, party has finish you know, there's some sort of serious result   wait for me. so i  sorry,   i can't go..yeah, you're so  kind of you  please tell my friends  i'm very sorry for that  my absence. and the next time,  maybe after i receive the result, maybe it's all righti will have a party.  no, ..yeah."one day last week"?  o k. one day last week, i went to  a department store to buy something.because it was  my husband salary day, i got some enough money to buy something. and first floor, it was  for men. and i found a good tie for my husband. my husband birthday will come soon, so i decided to buy that tie   the day. and i paid and   shopkeeper give  to me. then i went up to the next floor. i found  good shoes for sale. so i thought    i should buy now or i shouldn't buy. but  it was still expensive for me. so i decided not to buy. and a next floor, it mean on the third floor, it was for the woman's casual wear. and i found a good shirt. maybe   it would be suitable for me. and i tried on. but  it was still  not good for me. it mean a just too tight for me. so i just gave up to buy.    sorry,  i decide to buy. because    maybe i could be able to lose my weight until the next winter. so  i bought   and then i you know, i had  many of  bags and more   it was enough for me. and i was satisfied to feel   enjoyment of the shopping.   the firstly, i think their preference.because  of course the always there is a difference between me and someone. so i think about their preference. and secondly the priceof the present. yeah.really?no, today.   i have a appointment with my friendsto go  restaurant to have a lunch.. yeah. because it's the last time to meet  our  student,in our class.yeah. so  we will talk, talk and talk and talk about english or about family or about .yes.thank you very much..