 my name is .. o k. .nice to meet you. i'm fine, and you?live?  i'm live in  gakugei daigaku. it's along the line of toyoko. do you know tokyo line?yeah.?  it's  north side of gakugei daigaku station.  there is  very, what to say,  peaceful place, the bed town. and  near my  apartment, there is a big park.so it's good to live, i think.no.  alone. my hometown is ishikawa prefecture.  let's see, north side of japan.. to work?  before working, i studied in  tokyo, in university. and  when i studied in university,    i'm very interested in  marketing.so  i want to  work to use the skill of the marketing   which i studied in university.so   i looking for a job. i can't find the such kind of job in my hometown.so    as a  i worked here..   in  ? before,it's a marketing and  strategy.yeah. yeah, what?  it's  mainly i studied from the one books, it's  written by  michael porters, he's a harvard's  what to say, professor.and  mainly, it's mentioned about   corporate positioning.   what to say,  it's a how to differentiate  from  another company.. that's the main source of the  long-term success for company..  sorry.  once more, please?.  i like to listen music. so   mainly, i spend  time in my rooms to hear the music and  reading books. and  mainly in  weekend,  i wake up and  late morning,almost night,   go around the town and  some place like  live house or some club or bar. i like to  spend  time to like   that's kind of atmosphere.. it's  loud music and   young people and  some friends, and just chatting.yeah.yeah.describe it? a girl's sit on the seat. and    she explain  somebody about     the contents of homepage or something that. . then   there is two pets, and  one dog and one cat. one cat sleeps on the bed.  and  maybe she lives with family. because    if she  lives alone,  this type of the room is very big and   it is impossible  around tokyo.  and maybe she likes music. because   she has good  appliance of music. and     maybe she likes to write something or poem or   book.  she has a p c. but she also has a typewriter. .   what? , please?yeah... .   my brand is  . and  i also in charge of  to manage the homepage.and  the first impression of my company's homepage is   what to say, very heavy.  maybe it's hard to  watch  my company's homepage  for the consumers. .    when   watched it in the office, we can easily to watch because  the  band of the internet is wide, in my company.but  in the home, there's very narrow lines. so  it's hard to watch the contents of my   company's homepages.maybe it's need to more,  light, to the  cut the, what to say, photo or more need to describe  only words....invitation? .yeah..hello? this is .. yeah, fine.  you?and  are you free today?.busy.  because i have ticket of the movies.yeah. and  it's opened from the seven o'clock night. so  if you are free, i want to invite you. but  you have something  any plans around that time? o k. so   why don't you come  with  us to watch the movie?yeah.  the theater is in  shibuya. so  why don't you  meet at in the hachiko-mae?  six-thirty?crowded? so how about the  moai statues? do you know moai statues in the shibuya station?no?it's  between the south gate and the west gate.. so   how about there?so  are you coming to the shibuya by train, ?.o k.  so  o k. i waiting you  in front of moai statues.yeah.. .  good movie? no.i haven't seen the movie recently..? movie in a theater?theater.  maybe   it's   " "leningrad". it's a  movie of the world war two's.   sorry,  that's movie focus on  snipers,of the nazis.   but the main story's forget. i forget the main story. sorry.why?because i have time. so  i want to killing the . just reason. ..last week.o k.  the last weekend,   i dated with my girlfriend. and    we went to the park    and   enjoyed the time in the park. and  when we  came to the home,  i found the box which box is clattering.  . and  i said, "what sound?". my girlfriend found the box and  she opens it. she found the small cat.  she said, ". what's a pretty .  and i want to pick up and   it's raining, she is so  small, so    what to say,   maybe she got wet so she need to dry up. can i bring her to the home?" she said. and i said, "no, i can't. because i have  of the .".  .  but  she's face  to say that is very cute so  at last,  i permit her to bring the cat to my home.that's all.yeah.not just touch.  just  live in the same place. i becomes heard to breath.and   what to say, get   hot. have a headache.yeah.yeah. no. just sleep. separate place and  sleep. and  sleep for one hour begans  well....  i need to study english,  not just writing but speaking.yeah. i think..