hello.my name is .nice to meet you.  yes, please.yes, i live in .    it takes about thirty hours to get .yes.  . thirty minutes.yes.i live in , a small city..yes.  is a very  small city. . it has a lot of supermarkets and schools and  cultural facilities like library and concert hall. so   is very nice town to live.yes.yes.  i live with my family. my family is  of five members. .  my father, my mother, myself and my younger sister and my grandmother. my grandmother is my mother's mother. yes.yes.  she is a university student, and  now she's  in second grade.yes..i enjoy shopping and going to live house with her. we have very similar taste..  in live house, we can enjoy musician's live musical performance. the difference between the concert hall is   the live house has a smaller capacity, and we can feel the musician more closer.yes, i like sports.  when i was in university, i belonged to a tennis club.yes.  in university, i have only  three options to get to join the tennis club. .   the reason i selected  my tennis club i belonged is  the member likes drinking very much. so in that tennis club, i enjoyed playing tennis and drinking.o k.  here is a restaurant. and   a man and a woman is having dinner. a sommelier is showing a wine bottle to a man. a man is try his wine, and he likes it very much.  so     the woman and the man will have the sommelier's wine. the will enjoy their dinner.no, i have never have dinner like this.i hope someday  i can have dinner like this.yes.  my favorite cuisine is chinese.  in , this town,  there is a my favorite chinese restaurant. .  the restaurant is a little expensive, but the food is very good. so i sometimes go there.   when i drunk, i get very talkative and very emotional. so  when i drink a lot, i talk and talk and talked, and suddenly cry. so my friends  may be annoyed my action.yes.yes.o k.yes.  i'd like to go to new york so please tell me the train fare to new york.  please explain me the three kinds.local train.  i'd like to go there as soon as possible. so i want to buy a ticket for i can get new york    the most earlier.super express train.when will the train starts this station?in fifteen minutes. i see. and how long the train will take to get new york?thirty minutes. i see.  how much that ticket price?seventy five dollars. o k.  i'd like to buy the ticket..thank you.yes.  last year i went there with my friends.yes.  the purpose of our trip was to enjoy montreal jazz festival in canada. . some of my friends like  jazz music very much. and the they planned a trip to enjoy montreal jazz festival. so i joined them, and go montreal together with them.  about two weeks, we enjoyed musical festival very much. and when we returned to japan,  we had to transit the airplane, and   we had to accommodate. so we stayed in new york for two days. yes. and in new york, we enjoyed some museums and some musical jazz lives and   we went world trade center, too. so  i enjoyed there very much.yes.o k.one day last week, a woman went to the department store because she wanted to buy her birthday present for her husband. she selected a necktie. it was very nice.  she bought the necktie. it was very expensive.  when she was going to get out the department store, she finds that there was a final sale  in the department store. the shoes and clothes are very inexpensive. so  she enjoyed  shopping for herself. so she bought a lot of clothes and shoes.   of course she bought a good birthday present.  besides it,  she enjoyed shopping for herself. when i buy a birthday present, i imagine if i were that person i want to give present. and   i want make him to be happy so i select present  he will be pleased.yes.after work.yes. i had to work maybe till eight or nine.maybe. . last week,    i was  till eight or nine. maybe today, too. so after work, i got home, and  i had to prepare for a presentation i had to show tomorrow.yes..