 my name is .. i live in .  yeah, .  it's  near ,  along the  .so, yes,  the air there is very dirty.so when i  dry clothes, it gets  very dirty.  because the    is very  wide and traffic is kind of  heavy,so it's very   much  polluted.no, i live  by myself.  my  room is actually company's dormitory.so i just paid ten percent of   pay..   what   i like most is  the room has much more space than  ordinary  one k room. so i can put  my stuffs . .   and  i don't know how to say,  it's not wooden.so not so cold, not so hot, not so noisy,though it's old.. my hometown is  in .and  my parents live there and also my  older brother lives there.  .i prefer  but   because of job or  school situation, i live in ..   i have  been living here, i mean in , for nine years   since i came to  to enter   an university.after that,    i have lived.. actually, i didn't like to come to before i came. and then   i came to understand,    i don't like   as i thought.because it's too crowded, too many people,too much traffic jam.. and   even the coffee shop has many people  waiting.  but   what i like about  is  train is very  consolidated. so many trains are available so,  convenient.o k. . a   woman sitting  on a chair  is indicating  to personal computer, something.   she glances at something, i don't know.    a dog and  cats are sleeping on a bed.       dog is sleeping on floor.   she has a type  writer on her desk also.  the door of the    room is open. .  a calendar is on the wall... my room  doesn't have bed,  no pets,    has much more space,   much more messy.  i have this kind of personal computer,   no typewriter. i have no audio set. . yes.  i'm looking for a good ski set. so do you have any  recommendation  for mogul  ?so i prefer   hard,  kind of,  for competition.do you have those kind of? yeah, but it's too expensive for me.  do you suggest any    discount?so could you ask your manager to do me a favor?.thirty percent?   yeah, in that case,    do you accept  credit card? and if you have  a little shorter one,i will take it.so   could you ask  and check,  you have shorter one?. .yeah.thank you.yeah.yeah.  i didn't know but  i just   became interested in mogul when i  skied  moguls.. i actually went to utah to join a ski team in utah.so it was very  interesting.. before that, i really     hated to study english and i really was not interested in english. but after that,  i became interested in english. so i study by myself or  yeah, like that.   and suddenly, became good  experience for me  to study...?.. this continues. right?one day last week,    can i be?yeah.one day last week,  i  walked with my girlfriend in a rainy day.  i found a   box which  has something inside. and  i came closer to get better hearing.  actually,   it had a baby cat. and my girlfriend  hugged  the baby cat, and she wanted to keep the cat. but  i said no. then  she was sad, so i was wondering if i can keep the cat in my home or not, and kept thinking and thinking. and then,    i decided to    bring the cat to home first, and after that,   we decided to think whether we should keep the cat or not. .yeah. yes.   my parents have a cat in .i like cat, but i don't think i can keep a cat in my dormitory, because  nobody complains maybe, but i cannot afford to keep because of money. stray cat? i don't know .cats? living in tokyo?. i think they are fed well,  because of so many garbage   including leftover of  food. so they're in good situation to live.  i think it's much better than living in  wild.. i don't keep the cat, but i just can  bring it to animal hospital,     to do check up for the cat.    and       i want to keep the cat, but   i cannot so i will leave itto the hospital..yes. no, i don't think so because  when i was in a team,i already  hurt my back.   also  i shouldn't do those kind of thing because of my age.  i'm already in my late twenties. so, i should work  study or,yeah, just doing  part-time job and studying is disgusting enough for me. .it sounds like that to my parents,yeah, everybody..