good afternoon.yes. my name is .i'm from .o k.   it's been maybe three years that i started  living there. i got married   at that time. then, we moved to . that's kind of  very quiet town. that  we have lots of place to enjoy like   shopping  many stores or, we have  lots of  small children, so always very  cheerful  atmosphere there.  but  actually, i'm not  visit so many  so. i know only around my house. today, i got a subway.  and  it took  about twenty minutes. just one line from  the  station.my free time?  actually, i have  my girl, and she's two years., almost , it's kind of like battle with my daughter. she's really naughty and she started to speak   some words.   sometimes she's very mean to me like  "mama, i don't like you. i love papa, not you.". and if she wants to do something, "can i do this? can i do this?". and i say "o k. i'm gonna do for you.". and then, she goes like this, "no, it's not.  i like papa, not mama. mama, go away.", something like that. my hobby?   when i was single, my hobby was . enjoyed singing, so   it's good for me to stressed out. but nowadays, i have no time to go there. so, my hobby, maybe, just listening music and dancing with my daughter, like tell her "do this, do this.". and she goes, "ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.".it's like a doll. doll. my favorite?   i like to shout  with a high-tone voice. and it's hard for me, but after that, i feel really, really comfortable. "huh," it's like.  no. i don't have these days.so,  when i feel "god, i'm stressed out", i just keep cleaning  like  just       with a towel.i  wipe  many times, even just a little dust, i do like this. and then my girl,  maybe she thinks  something strange  ., "mama, what you're doing? what you're doing? i think like this. mama, i'm scared.".. when i keep doing this and   many times,   she said "i'm scared.". o k. in this place, it's like  very luxurious restaurant.and   these two  people, it's  maybe, their wedding anniversary. and they are enjoying,    their food.  here is a wine  and they are tasting wine. so,  might be, french restaurant.    yeah, because    this atmosphere where they  looked  really nice because of this piano,it's playing, the very comfortable, very soft music. so, they are enjoying, and that  each table is a little away, not too close. so,   on that table, they can enjoy their own time,  each of them. and  after that, maybe, they go some  more romantic place.   maybe.luxurious restaurant?  the end of june. that's  my  wedding anniversary. and the last year, it was second anniversary. so,     our family went to the one of the hotel. and that's the place that  i met with my husband for the very first time.and  we didn't have a wedding ceremony there. but at the very first time, it's kind of   party with  single  single women.. and   that hotel is very close from my house. so, we went there and we enjoyed chinese. and me and my girl, she enjoy some food. yes.  sometime but not all the time.  i like,  maybe, like more casual food,   not  kind of italian, but    more simple, like spaghetti or pizza.  o k. yes.    i want to go to  abraod for my  vacation, maybe just for a week. but   i have so many place that i wanna visit, but i don't know  i mean, where to decide.  do you have any place to recommend? i'm going on  spring,  maybe  the end of april. not too expensive one.bali? bali. bali is,  is not bad.  what they have bali?beaches?. how about  safety there?safety?.and  how long does it take from  i mean, out of japan to bali  flight time?four hours? . not too long. that's a good time.  .  . actually, how much does it cost  for one person?.o k.  i want it, the cheapest one. and plus,  i don't wanna  get some  optional. i wanna have my own time, just relax. but i wanna enjoy their food. japanese one  .  not shopping, shopping.i wanna enjoy   something original there.  do you have something, to   what's the point?...yeah...   a little dangerous  if i'm alone..  o k.  o k. so, maybe,  i'm gonna ask  one of my friend to come with me.and       how about   the price? i mean,  like  food or   when i enjoy something, like , massage? it almost same as japan?half? .. o k. . yes. i like it very much. yeah.  actually, i used to work at  airlines  before. so,   i've visited many places. but   i didn't like the job, bcause, you know, you have to go with everybody like, "hello, everybody. come here.   until what time to what time, you go  shopping  over here. and if you go  outside, it's gonna be dangerous.". i don't like that. i wanna move around. and   one day last week. o k.o k.  today, we are going camping.  and  we just  prepared   and ready to go. then, this one, they started to prepare for their tents  and food.   maybe excited.   i explain or ? is it like a cartoon?cartoon.o k.o k. first. "o k. we are going. are you ready?". " wait a minute.".  "    i got it.  i set up   our tent.".  "   my god. it start raining.". " yeah.  o k.   fast.   hurry.". bu-bu, bu-bu. "see. that's a hotel.".  "see.       we were supposed to  sleep in the tent, but here, it's hotel. it's luxurious.".  was  student, like elementary school,i don't remember where or,outdoor? depends on.? . in this season,   i'd like to enjoy skiing.    but before, i didn't like skiing, because it's too cold outside and   i couldn't agree with those people, like enjoying skiing. such a cold  weather. but, nowadays,   actually, my husband,  he likes to outdoor sports. and i noticed that  maybe  it's time for me to enjoy  something with my husband. and then, this year, i  skiing. and  it's very fun. even i falling down,  it's not as cold as i expected.the last time when i went to ski?   it's almost three weeks ago.  i went there with my husband and girl. and  she needs somebody  to look. so,  in turn,  he and i  go up with lift and then,  skiing, and then, change. .  when i go  at the very top, it started snowing really hard. and it hurts because of the snow. and i started to enjoy  alone. but  that was fun  even  if i falling down many times, it doesn't hurts that much. and then,   my body got  i mean, warm. and that's a fun. but  very funny thing is my girl.      in the daily life,  if it's too cold outside, and then, when she was  on a baby   carriage, she goes like, "mama,  it hurts. i got," her hands  turned to very red and it really seems hurts.  but at the   in the snow,  she was really enjoying. and she never asked me like, "mama, gimme juice, gimme some snack.". she never ask me that. she just concentrate on  making a ball with snow.and she never say "it hurts.".  of course she had a glove. and then, i asked her "are you enjoying? do you like  snow?". and she goes like,   she bit her ball, snow ball and, "yeah, mommy,  it's tasty."..this weekend? . i wanted to go skiing.but my husband has  another schedule., maybe  my girl and i just fight  as usual. thank you very much. thank you very much.