.my name is  .nice to meet you.i'm fine, and you?. i live in  in . just two months, i married  last november,and i moved to  in december. my husband is very nice guy.    just now he has no job.because he   left his companylast december and he is now preparing his own company. he is  interested in the food,and he is going to  open a food shop for elderly people. he is  very interested in elderly people, and he is going to have a shop and   sell them  very healthy food and he is also   having a plan to  send them the  delivery food.. my parents  live in , .   i've been live in  for about  thirty years..because my husband  likes  very much. and it's very nice city.it's easy to come to this office and   there are many food shop near my house. .i like both of city.and at first,  actually, i don't like  .but now    there are many good  street or parks in , so now i like the  city. on weekend, i and my husband go to the park near my house, but now it's very cold. so,  now   we like to cook together, in weekend,  we usually cook  our lunch or dinner.but we have to do many things in weekends because  i have no time to . so at first, on saturday morning   we usually     do house works.   .  i always clean the room or wash the dishes and my husband  preparing  our lunch or dinner. he likes to cook,. he's good cook.yes...  it's winter and there are about twelve people in this picture.   it's not snowing but there are  much snow in this picture.  probably it is the skiing place and there are lift on this picture. and   the weather is very nice and  five people are enjoying skiing. and four people enjoying throw the snowballs.and there are two people inside the house and they are  drinking  maybe it's hot drink.. yes.but  my friends  like to ski, but actually i don't like ski because it's very cold. i hate  cold weather.so  about four years, i have not skied.no, just  i hate cold weather.i like to play golf or swimming.. now i'm belonging to the golf team of .and there are many good players in the team and three or four times in a year, we play golf together....o k.. yes. i would like to go to new york   as soon as possible.could you tell me the information about the ticket to new york?. and which train is earliest train to reach new york station?.  how much does it cost? o k. i'll take the ticket...   but express train   will reach new york station earlier?. . i'll take express. and    excuse me, how much  does it cost?sixty dollars.  that's fine. i'll take the express train. thank you. bye-bye.thank you. yes.i've been to the unites states and europe and australia and some  asian country.. i like the unites states best.  i've been to new york and los angeles. and  i like los angeles better.  los angeles, it's very nice weather.and i like to play golf, you know, and  there are many good golf course near los angeles.so, i like los angeles.. i have some friends in los angeles, so i enjoyed meeting them.and watch the city. in los angeles,  i don't think   there is a special thing, but in palm springs, there are many good special things. because  in palm springs,  every people like to play golf, so  i think i can easily be a friends with them because i like play golf, too. just     when i go to the supermarket, and i always wear the golf clothes.   wear the same kind of  so   "hi. you play which golf course?".   " is that the course good one or"so we can easily be a friend....o k.  one boy and girl, they're friend. they are walking  on the street. it's raining. and  they are enjoying the conversation. and  a boy is suddenly  stopped and say, "please hear. we can hear something". and a girl find a box and a cat in the box. . it's very cold. and  the girl  asked the boy, "please hold this cat  and he seems very cold". but the boy said, "i don't like the cat because i don't like to be my clothes  wet". so, the girl hold the cat and start walking. and the girl can't hold  her umbrella so the boy hold  his umbrella to her.. maybe she is angry,. but  he also have some  bad feeling about them, so he is holding her shoulder, and he tried to  her not wet.no.never.maybe, . because i don't think they are  prettyor maybe  they don't like me either.  he likes dogs.but  now we are living a apartment.and we can't  have that kind of animal.so, we don't have animal now...  it's very difficult question.  maybe he will  hold a cat, and i will not hold the cat. . i will say,"please do not carry the cat to our house".thank you.. yes.  i will going to have a half holiday today,from  after lunch, so  in the morning,i'm very busy.yes.  now    my parents will going to visit our house.so, maybe tomorrow morning, we are going to prepare for them. my parents..thank you.thank you very much.