i'm ,  i'm . i have just changed my name. . last december. ..my wedding?   i haven't  done that kind of wedding receptions yet. so  we are planning to just take photos.. at my  previous work place.? at that time,    i was working for  the trading company and    i made a contract with my suppliers   that decide the prices.. these kind of things.now?     i decided to quit my job  in order to concentrate on   studying english. so  i'm between jobs now. i'm looking for a job  that i can use my english.my hobbies.   my biggest hobby is that  actually writing haiku poems. but   my friends in this fields are much, much older than i. almost in their sixties,  sometimes in  their seventies.so  for them, i'm like their granddaughter. so  they take care of . .. yes. .  i'm not sure  i can do but i'd like to try someday.where?where.  i live in  near  city..    from my house, i can see that   p l tower.  p l tower, that are a kind of a new religion in japan.. perfect liberty . very, big .yes,   it's not , really, it's a rural area.and  there are many mountains around my house,and there is a pond  in front of my house.and there are many wild birds. ... .  it is the  high school classroom and  there are many students in the classroom. and the teacher seems to be  very concentrated on  teaching.   she is a mathematic teacher. but   most of the students  aren't concentrated on studying.  in the front line, a boy is  looking outside, chewing gums. and  in the back,  two girl are talking   probably  about their friends or  going out after school, like that. and  next to them, a boy is drinking a kind of sports drink or something. and only one boy is  listening to  the teacher's talking. and  next to the boy,  a girl is like,   i think it's a cellular phone,     probably she's writing a e-mails  to her friend. i think so.   i think it's in the afternoon, it's sunny day...  .   when i was  in high school,   my high school were teachers are very severe teachers.  they are really demanding.  they were  concentrated on  making us to  enter their  prestigious universities.  so   we had to study very hard. and there were many, many exams  almost every week. so    the classroom here is quite different  from my high school classroom... . i .. hello, this is .  i'm very sorry. i couldn't make it for your party,  because my mother  suddenly collapsed.  my mother lives  very far from my house, so i had to go to her house and take care of her. and   my mother is actually in the  hospital now. so i couldn't make it. i'm very sorry. but i was very looking forward to seeing you at the party. and  next time, i'll be  glad to  accept your invitation. so  please,   if you have another party, please invite me....   i'm very sorry. but at that time,    i had to  call a ambulance,  because my mother couldn't  talk by herself at that time. so i had to call ambulance and   i had to be with her  about a week. so  i couldn't have the time.  please   accept my feelings..yes,    i'm afraid she had a stroke and   she's recovering  now.   but   she really  depend on me,  because i'm her only daughter, so  again,   i want to take care of her  to my hometown.. thank you very much.i'm very sorry... actually?      when i was very young,   in a kindergarten,  i think,  my father actually collapsed.. and that time,    he had   that kind     i don't remember the word but stroke.  i think that like the same disease as  mister obuchi. and at that time,   my mother said,  the doctors of him said,  he probably won't survive.   but the operation  took about six hours and   he really  completely recovered. and  he's  over sixty years old now and  he's really healthy.   actually, he's  healthier than my mother......  the beginning "one day last week"?      i went to the station as usual   to commute to my work place. and  at the platform, i dropped my     briefcase under the platform,  on the railroad. and   the man next to me was   unconsciously  put his elbow  on my arm, and so, i dropped my briefcase. so i complain to him,  "what should you do about my briefcase?".  but  he didn't do anything. and  suddenly, the  train was coming and     i wonder what happened to my briefcase.  actually, i almost  fall  to the railroad. so  it was the kind of a   very severe accident for me. but after that,  the  staff of the station came and  pick it for me. so  the briefcase was  not damaged, so i was relieved.  that was the accident..  i like  local trains,   because  local trains, i can enjoy a scenery. but  like  crowded commute trains,  i don't   these kind of trains or subway. subway is,  i think,   line is very convenient and very fast, but  i don't enjoy the scenery outside, so i don't like the subways. yes,  just once  in washington.   as a university student, i stayed in  , , but   at that time,  i went to washington  with my japanese friends and   my teacher. and at that time, i took subway in washington. they say  it's very dangerous, but at that time, it was not so dangerous, and  they were very calm,really. .    i think  it's a little  exaggeration  in the situation  in the united states. .. thank you.after this interview.    i have to go back to my home as soon as possible,  because   i have just married and  usually, i live with mother-in-law. and mother-in-law can cook for me and    family members.but     she's taking a trip now,  i have to cook for the family.so.      at  now,   my mother is  law in is not here, so   three people including me,and a ..