my name is .yes.how are you? i'm fine.i live in . there is many rivers and many animals. there is many natures. about one hour and twentyminutes. i'm studying germany because i take  germany in the university. i think english is better because i studied long time before.. i want to watch soccer game in germany, but i don't know the team names and detail in germany's soccers. but i heard the germany soccer is very interesting so i choose german.yeah..it was fantastic, but i wanted to win japanese .no, i played baseball in high school and junior high school.so i like baseball better.yes.   the strength  was so-so. and  we entertained the baseball. we didn't want to win match and match. interested in baseball. .yeah. o k.    o k. this is restaurant, and  a couple  come to  eat dinner. and waiter bring wine to couples. and  the man wearing yellow suits  drinking wine, and  they are smiling.. .  all pictures ?yes.no, i don't. this is too formal.i want to go more casual restaurant. like casual restaurant better..my favorite restaurant?  i don't go restaurant usually, but  my favorite restaurant is,  for example,  jonathanor     i can't remember, butlike family restaurant.. just i  remember it. the best is  saizeria is very low, so it is good for universal students.no, i haven't.. o k. .. yes, please.    i'd like to take  interesting book.so please tell me about the japanese society book. i want to know  japanese society and  about  japanese . is  the party. people enjoys  in summer. there is many , . ..no, i want to japanese book.o k.   but i want more pictures and more details. .o k. good. ? cash, please.thank you. not so much. ?  i don't like  because i don't know why people  very excited about .    i can't enjoy , but i can enjoy sports    so  i don't know why people  excited in ... baseball? o k. o k. . i'm belonging in ski's club so  i usually drink with my   ski teammates.yes. . .o k.   my baseball team was   just enjoying baseball.  they don't want to win so the club was not so  hard. it was  enjoyment, but ski team,  they are top of the   university's ski club. so   it is  hard  practice. so  i can train my body very much.o k.  . . one day last week, three person   went to cinema.  they wanted to see a   plane movie.  a person wearing yellow jacket gets ticket, and they enter the cinema. and they bought drinks and popcorn, and they began to  see movies.   they were scared about the movie.and after that, they finished to see movies,  they wanted to see another movie, so they planned another schedule to     see movies. i saw in    may.  i watched "asama-sanso jiken"with my  ski school teammates.it was interesting because   i could know about    policeman's problems.      nagano policeman can't move, but the tokyo policeman    so  make them to move..  i didn't know about that movie, but my teammates wanted to see that movie,  so i join the plan.   i will come to university  and   i will study because the test will   next thursday.germanyand economicand mathematics..yes. thank you..bye.