my name is . please call me .. i live in . in  ward.. yes.   it's famous for .but  there are a lot of local people,  other than students. and  it's very handy to go to  or to other areas. . yes.. i take  line.yes.it can leads to everywhere.. there are a lot of shops, and  one of the supermarket is open until one o'clock. ..and     there are other convenience stores around the area. so, yes, it is very convenient.no, i live by myself.. i have to cook dinner, even if i work late. and  also,  i have to clean the room. it's very small though,  you know, even if i'm very tired on weekends. but,  anyhow,  i enjoy living by myself, yeah.no,  my parents live in  south kyusyu. so  it's far away.  so, no. . and, yeah, they haven't been  to my place yet..yes, i do.. i work at the  administration department  in   the foreign law firm.exactly? yes,  my main job is  towards the  human resources and  other administrative works. . so i have to arrange personnel, recruiting people and  coordinating  temp staff, if necessary.. . i go out with my close friends over the weekends or   if i feel like staying home, i just relax at home  over listening to music  or,  in these days, i try aromatherapy. aromatherapy is like you use  essential oil or  candles with fragrance so that it makes you really feel relaxing.. you can buy  anywhere in the city, i think. . i can't exactly  tell you right now, but  there are a lot of shops selling those  essential oils...right.  sure. . yes. . one of the girl  is sitting in her room. and     p c is on the desk in front of her. and  typewriter is on the desk as well. and,  at the center of the room,  there is a dog. and, on the right-hand side,   there is a cat on the bed. door is open.  and also,  she has a stereo  on the shelves which  contains a lot of books, and telephone near the door. . the calendar is on the wall  over the stereo. on the  left-hand side, there is a clock and window  with  a brown curtain  which is open.. no, my room is not as .yes. . and   i have no space for such a big desk. but i have a bed and  a small table and t v  near the window.good place?   . actually, i've been in  for nearly two years,  but i'm not really familiar with the areas in  different places. so,  maybe,  i ask one of the agency. actually, i found   current place  through the agency, too. and she is really good. the person in charge was very kind, and    i can just give her all information i want. and she could arrange almost everything. . so  i might try that way again.which one to take? . first of all,  whether it's  convenient  for commuting or not. secondly,   the room itself.  .   more importance to the window  facing to the big road, or   i really don't want to take the place  with the window  just close to the  another .so,  in that case, i wouldn't take it. yes...o k.hello? this is  speaking.. how are you? . i'm so sorry. i'm working right now. and then, i cannot leave the office.. i'm so sorry, but i was engaged  on the phone. and then,  probably, i have to finish my report. . it might take a while. so i'm terribly sorry, but, yeah, i can't make it tonight.. thank you very much. . i really appreciate what you doed for me, but,   frankly speaking, i cannot make it today. and, can i make it up some other time?yeah. i'm .thank you. the party then..  you mean, i missed the party?yes. actually, one of my friend  was waiting for me in the restaurant by herself. and i was supposed to be there, but   yeah, i really couldn't make it, because  my boss asked me to do some  job. and  i mean, which i wasn't expected. and  i couldn't say "no.". so,  in that case, i rang her at the restaurant.  . she's already had  small amount of meal on the table. and she said, ".". yeah, she was a bit upset.  but,    after that, i explained her and how i was  and what the situation was. so she understood.and,  yeah,  i made it up . so, then, it was o k.mostly?  .  when you are required,  you cannot say "no.".  but, although  you cannot say "no." to your boss. i mean,  for example, the job offered to you, you .but    i want to have a policy of my job. so, maybe, say, even if my boss said to do this or that,    if something wrong with it  or if  something will happen in the future,  i might tell my boss, because   i might know my work  better than  he or she does. ..o k.. one day last week,  a man drove  along the beach.  and,   from the opposite side of the road,  there was a man   driving   the bike..   he is wearing pink sunglasses. and,    o k, they  nearly collided  in the middle of the road.  .   the bike scratched the another car. and   a man got off from the car. and he was very upset because it scratched his car. but    the man on   the bike was also upset. because   his bike was hit.  . then, police arrived  the site. and   the man   from the car was explaining what had happened. . so  the policeman  was listening to them. and,  in the end,  the bike was  taken away from which  truck arranged by police  department. and   the man from  the bike was watching it. good enough? no, i don't. i don't have license either.. it's very stupid things, but   i went to a fortuneteller long time ago. and i was told not to have   driver's license. it's  sound very stupid. . thank you. . i was told that  if i drove a car, i might have killed somebody in a traffic accident. so i didn't want it to happen.. usually, i don't. but, in this case, it involves somebody's life. so,  yes. i was very scared. then, i can do without a .in fortune telling?. if it's , but if it's bad, i'll try to   forget it. . because i try  many fortunetellers, so, maybe, i think i can  figure out which is good and which is bad. . and,  if the fortuneteller says something completely different from what happened or  for my character,  maybe i wouldn't believe it.. yes. my.thank you for .. maybe, i have a dinner after that.yes. maybe, somewhere around this area.. i'm not sure, but  i just saw the  chinese restaurant around  this area. and, maybe, we can try that. . thank you .thank you.