hello.yes. my name is .yes. . today? i'm a little bit sleepy.  .yeah, i got up  late.  so i'm a little bit sleepy now.yeah.yes.  it depends. i like skiing. so when i go to ski, i likes winter. but in daily life, i don't like winter. i'm not good at     cold.so i don't like winter..    i like skiing. but  i'm not good,  i think, yeah..in my free time? i like   movie. so i go to movie with my friends.or  i want to study english or another language. i'm interested in another language.so i listen to the radio program or watching t v,  and so on. and  i like go   to eat  go with my friend,  and so on.yeah.. what do you do?   my job? yes. i am a school  teacher.  in junior high school,   i  working now.., much. example, i have a homeroom class.  but  students have many  problems.each students have many problems.but  sometimes i listen to the difficulty for them. but  i can't solve that. just listen to  their  problems. so   i want to help them, but i can't help them.so  when i think  i'm very  helpless ,that's a  problems sometimes, i feel...thank you.yes.yes.. now?no thinking time?o k. .i see  a house    in the center of picture.   it is very good. and  it is very fine day. and  near the house, two  children are playing with ball. and  a man is running on the road. and  i see a car in front of the house. and on the roof of car,  i see a  sleeping cat. and near the car,     sorry, two women  is  talking.  one of a woman    have a dog. and  i see  one children in front of a house. she is playing,  i don't know  how can i describe,  playing.  i don't know the name of the playing. and  another side of a road, i can see a man reading a newspaper on the bench..  i live in  prefecture.   no.  i moved there  about    eight years ago. because    i came  here  to  work. sorry? ?compare?. my neighbor?.   are very crowded. so  difference between my neighbor and this picture's neighbor,  around the house,   in this picture  big space.but    around my house, no space.and i can't see no children.   our neighbor.so that's the difference betweentwo.yes. ..?yes. just a moment, ..hello.yeah,  this is  speaking. fine, thank you. and you?.  i'd like to talk about  your dinner party. invited me, dinner party.  .but i'd love to go, but   i have another   appointment.. i have to take a test,  that time. so  i would like to go to the dinner party, but i can't. i'm sorry., i love it.    o k,   can i ask you?   i have a test,    it took two hours.    after that,  i want to go. so  can i go?.o k. i understand. so this time, i'm very, very sorry, but i can't.  next time, could you  invite me,  ?sorry.... . really?  i'd like to meet him. but  this test is very important for me   last time  to get credit  for me. so   i'd love to go. but could you tell  mister tanaka i'll call him later? o k? .yeah..have a nice day.. thank you.yes..no.  no.?  between my friend? yes.  i told  about the test. that was a true situation. so    almost  i go to the party or invitation  i get invitation from my friends.yes.yes..one day last week. yeah. just a moment. . one day last week,    i will make the ?  masao? .and his father. they have a very important things to talk.and    they promised  to meet  in the front of restaurant. i don't know this name. so   they met in the front of restaurant. and  his father asked restaurant   server  the seat is .and    they   ordered  their favorite food and talked with important things. and  after that,  his father  paid the money  for the dinner. and  masao was very full and very comfortable  to talk with his father what he wanted to talk. so   they said good-bye after .? pardon me?. yes.yes.o k.  recently, i'm interested in italian.  i like italian food.and  my favorite restaurant of italian food is agio.do you know agio?no?   the restaurant has  their  how can i say, oven?and   pizza is a very  delicious.so please go. yes.yes. that's a very good  for me..yes. yes. because    the italian food  i eat every day is o k. so that's why many italian foods    around. good for me...today? tomorrow?tomorrow,  no. ..yes.and reading a book and listening to the music.yes. and   i want to watch a video..tomorrow? yes. do you know "emergency room"?no? my favorite  drama of american. yes. .