hello.good afternoon... my name is . yes. sure.. good. how are you?. not yet.yeah. i'm sorry. yeah  i didn't have enough time to have a lunch.   i met   my customerin lunch time, so, yeah, after finishing  english test, i'll goto have a lunch.around here?yeah. yes.  i recommend that you should go to a tomitoku. it's chinese restaurant.  it's very delicious. do you know the   chinese chef,  shu tomitoku??  very famous  chef in japan.and in  chinese restaurant so,yeah, i recommend.. because      how can i say,  his family is   very famous.    no,  his father is  very famous  cook   in china,   tomitoku and his brother is  also  very famous cook  in china. and  he came here, here means  japan, he came japan and  to cook  very excellent food. yeah.yeah.yeah.sure.. chinese restaurant?   i'm not sure  in that name of restaurant.   i forget the name but  i recommend that you should go to the  in ginza?  i just forget the name... now i live in  .do you know ??what? pardon me?  grew up?.  i grew up in . yeah. and  i came here when   i entered   in this company.so it means that i came here   three years ago. maybe about one and a half years ago.yeah.  i went back to my home town with my wife.yeah.  this was last time to go back to yeah my home town.actually i prefer  . because   is a very     good place, good city, good environment.  has a  very good environment to  live in. i mean there are  many  nature and the  compare with tokyo,  there are only few cars and traffic jam. so yeah, it is very good environment  to live for me.yeah... no. actually, no. because  i don't have enough money to buy  a new car.   actually,  it cost  too high to live here.  so,  i can't buy a car. but, actually   i love a car. so,  if i have a opportunity to buy a car, maybe i will buy a car. if i get the permission from my wife.. i like to buy a cherokee.do you know cherokee? it's a made by  chrysler.yeah.  the  type of car is a  kind of   jeep,  r v, recreation vehicle. so, actually     cherokee is  little bit too big to ride   in .  it is very  good for  . . recreation vehicle car is a  very big. .yeah.yeah.. i hope so. yeah. o k. . o k.   i will  describe  about this picture. so      this is a mountain  for skiing and the this mountain is covered with snow. so, there are  many skiers  on this mountain. so, i can see the ski  lift  and the  most of the people in this picture are maybe   enjoying skiing. and the  one of them are enjoying snowboarding. so, maybe he is a very good snowboarder because a  formal experience.   maybe i'm a very good  skier or snowboarder because   i came from  so,  i have many a lot of experience  to ski and snowboard. maybe his style is looks very nice, so maybe he is a very good snowboarder. and the   the people who are enjoying skiing and snowboarding are  only adults. and the  please take a look at  left side of this picture. so,  there are four children is here and  now they are playing,  how can i say, throwing a snowball  to each other. so,  i don't know the exact name of the  this playing but  actually  i also have a  kind of this experience, for playing to threw the snowball  snowball to  other people. yeah.  and there are   big lodge made by wood. maybe it's a made by wood. and  there are two people in this lodge and now they are  enjoying talking and   having  drinking?  i'm not sure what kind of drinks. but now they are very  looks enjoying. and    i have to say that. one of the skiers   is falling and the now,   one of his skis  are  how can i say? got off from his leg. so now maybe he is in trouble. yeah.  . . yes.  almost all..yes. snowboarder? o k.. actually  it is said that snowboarding is much easier than skiing  because  as you can see, snowboarding is a only one board and  yeah,   if you play skiing,    you have to ride on     two ski  boards.  but  actually, how can i say, if you try to play  snowboarding,  i have to say that you have to     weigh your weight   front.  when you play snowboarding and the your weight is a backside, it is very dangerous because  it is quite different from skiing. snowboarding is a very dangerous because   if you  fall   you can't protect your body  because you don't have a . and the so, in this case, maybe you use  your hand to protect your body. but it is very dangerous. so, maybe in this case,   you will place your  arm?and so on. and so,  . you're welcome..yes..o k.  could you give me ?, to read it.?.  just a moment, please..  ..  o k. .maybe. yeah.  firstly, i have to call you. is that right?o k.hello, i'm . so,  firstly i have to apologize you      i can't go to  your party   because  i have to meet my  very important customer.   so in this case, yeah,  just i can't do . i apologize you.. yeah.  i can understand what you said, but  the customer   i will meet  in this day is a  very important  customer for me. in this case, for me. because  now i try to start   new business. and  the people     whom i will meet  in this day is a key person to start my new own business. so yeah,  only i have to meet. ... yeah. so. o k.  after finishing  meeting  to my very important customer,  i will go to your house and to pick up. . and   please  make  these   and  other foods in the doggy bag. i'll pick up.  if possible, and     if you could forgive me,  and the if you have   another opportunity,   and the in this case,   you introduce me  in this next party,  that would be great for me. yes.thank you very much..party? in japan or  another country o k?in u s... actually     i have never had a party .yes. . yes. . i stayed in u s  from last august to decemberto study english and to learn about american culture.so,  when  i was in the u s  i had  many parties, yeah,  which were held by  sometimes my friend and sometimes my host family. .and the sometimes my   teacher in university. . actually   i don't have experience  the party in japan. i can guess.     maybe it's my stereotype image, but japanese parties are  very formal.very formal. so, i mean, if i go to the party  in japan, maybe i have to wear the very formal suit. and yeah,  and the cost is maybe very high. and   i think japanese  parties are very extravagant.  but the american parties are  very casual. so,  actually i have a experience to attend the party.      i wore a very casual clothe  like this,now i'm wearing. so and  maybe the cost was very cheap, very  low,  it's very casual and actually i prefer american party because it's very easy to enjoy. .yes....last week..  o k. one day last week.   i will describe about this picture.so  please take a look at this. . number one picture.this is me.yeah.  one day last week,   last friday. i think it's a last friday.    i went to the station  to  go back to my home. .  no. sorry. .. it's a mistake.    it was  eight a m and i went to the station to go to   my office. so  as usual, i went through   and the  i made a line in the  platform  in  railroad station. and a  when i make a line    one guy  pushed me    by his arm. and   unfortunately, my baggage   which was holding by me  dropped on the railroad. so  i was so shocked   and  i claimed to him  how can i say? . please take at number three now.   i was claimed to him because he dropped  my very important bag on the railroad. so, but unfortunately  after dropping   my baggage  on the railroad,  the next train  came to this station. and the   the train  came through on my bag. so, but the it was my fortune was my bag was safe. because  there is a little space   between the train and the between to the train to railroad. so fortunately my baggage was safe. so, after that   i asked the   staff in station and the i asked him to pick my bag up. so,  finally i got the my bag i and the  another people approved     for his job. like this.. are welcome..yeah, you're welcome.this weekend? i will attend the my friend's wedding partyon coming sunday?. coming sunday. yes. before that,maybe    coming saturday, tomorrow,  i will come to office and to practice  for the wedding party.practice means, yeah, i have to  yeah, something, and a kind of a gamefor him.thank you very much.