yes. my name is .i'm a little nervous, as you know. but i'm fine. .not really.. but, in private, i am pretty busy. because,  since this april,i started to study interpretation.and it's so demanding..yes, .. yes. . i have two classes  a week.and,  at one class, i study  interpretation from english to japanese.and,  at another class,i study vice versa.. i've just started the class, so i'm not sure  i can be a good interpreteror not. . at this company,  my main job is translation. sometimes, i am ,asked to do interpretation job. interpretation is   completely different from translation.and   i'm at a loss how to do it.so that's  why i decided to start it.  it's so interesting..  i have decided yet whether to stay this company and do more interpretation job to leave here and to seek another opportunity.no. not yet. .not really.yes, .to the united states twice  twice  .i walked a lot. you know,  the lake district?it's famous  area   beatrix potter?,  very beautiful sceneries, beautiful places.i like to walk..all right. . in this room,  a woman is sitting in front of a desk. on the desk, there  is a  personal computer, typewriter, mouse and some sheets of paper.   on her bed, there is a cat sleeping. and, besides the bed,  a dog  seems to be sleeping, too. and there is  audio system in her room. and it is june now. and  the door of the room     is open. .   and it is nine o'clock.that's all.. yes. . actually, i don't have my .room is  japanese-style room. . but her room,  it seems to be western-style room. and  i don't have bed. instead, i have some sets of  futon matin my closet.and  i have a computer but not desktop type. but  mine is notebook type.and i don't have a typewriter.and   her room  seems to be  larger than mine.and   there are more books in my room ...   of course, it is not so good. but  i don't think it is only computer that cause the situation.because, without computers, i don't think  they are willing to communicate with their parents.it is not only a matter of computer..  because it's caused by changing the society, i guess.yes.yes. i understand .yes...o k.. my name is .i have received your invitation to the dinner party.however, i'm terribly sorry, but i cannot go the party.because  my grandmother got sick very bad. i have to go to the hospital to see her.i'm terribly sorry. i really wanted to go. but,   please invite me next time.. no.  i'm sorry, but  i think i have to stay with her all night.so   you are so kind to me. but,would you be kind enough till ?thank you very much. i'd love to join you next time..o k... for that reason? if my grandmother was really sick?.  i think   i would prefer stay with her,if she was really, really bad.party? . the party? yes. last year,my younger sister got married.and we had   some kind of partyby just  intimate andrelatives.and it was at the banquet hall.very nice room with the view of a large garden. .and  my sister wore a japanese-style .very beautiful.and   i have three sisters.and  all of us wore kimono, too.  some kindest friends told us we look like . . .we had very nice time..... i see.. one day last week,  i? ? i decided to go hiking  with my family. and   we prepared the lunch, and  we, yeah, prepared  necessary gear for  making a tent. and we tried to set up a tent at the  riverside   and cooked lunch by ourselves. however, in the middle of the day, it started to rain suddenly. and    the wind  got  so strong that our tent was blown off. so we had to   find another place to stay. . after driving    for some ten minutes, we found a    hotel named cosmos. and we   decided to stay there. it rained all day, so we were so pleased to find such a comfortable hotel.golden week vacation?   . i went to a hot spring with .it was  at boso peninsula.. it was our first time to go there. but, as that .it started to rain. it rained so hard, we couldn't walk around. . besides, the hotel we stayed had a bath outside.but it was raining.we couldn't enjoy itso much.... during that vacation?? . we like walking and do gardening.we have a small garden.and  we like weeding, watering andplanting some  vegetables.yes.. not yet.not yet.  i hope to go abroad since i haven't been outside of japan almost two years.so i'd love to goespecially for england i have friend there. , i'd love to see her.. i think   it was music thatgot me interested in .i liked  pop music when i was a junior high school student.and i really like to know what the singer. so   i tried to study english.and, once i understand only one phrase, it makes me more motivated..  i liked to study by myself.. so i read and wrote and  .after this ?i have to work continuously until five thirty. ,  after leaving the company,i will have to go to the school. yes.yeah. but  i'm interested in learning .thank you very much.thank you very much.