 my name is . fine, thank you.yes,    it is very cold, but   last winter vacation, i went to korea and i felt  very cold, so it's not so cold, i think.  so-so, but  i sometimes feel cold   in my foot. so sometimes  i get sick.yes.   we ate spicy, hot korean food and so ,   and made korean friends.that was really fun. yes,  i think  korea is  somewhat different from japan but it  resembles japan very much and    yes,   i think  it really resembles japan very much.. like their habit   and the atmosphere. and  o k, i went to   korean city, some cities. and   it very  looks like  japanese city like harajuku or shinjuku, shibuya. yes.yeah, there are many, many people.yes,  i will have tests next week and  i have to study hard   and to make the matter worse,  i have a trouble because my cousin who lives in  for studying hair cutting  quit school. and  we didn't know the factand the school called my cousin's parents and  also they didn't know the fact. so they were so surprised and  they called    my cousin and my cousin didn't answer...   we get in panic.yes. .yes.    this is a suburban place and there are many housing.  and  some children are playing in their garden and a man running along the street.    and    housewives are talking in the middle of the street   and old women is reading the newspaper. all the people are     enjoying.  and   there are some animals.  they are like dogs and cats.    and it's not like city. it's very wide and   very  good atmosphere,  and everyone feel relaxation. and weather is very good..yes. i live in . yes,  absolutely different.  because   in my   neighborhood,  there're no house,  there are only building, apartments,    and it's very crowded city,   so people can't  play  in the garden. and almost all people don't have the   garden and there're no park in my neighborhood so  we can't play. and   also,  like  we can't jog or talk in the middle of the street or    read newspaper  outside. yes,   yeah,  whenever  i want to  go shopping, i can go shopping.    and if i hang out with my friend,  i don't have to  go far.  and  it doesn't take so much time...yeah.yes. i want to buy a ticket for new york and  i want to go there as soon as possible. so  can i tell me  which ticket to buy?. is it  express train?local train? and then,    what time will the next  express train ?nine three.  so if i go  take on express train,  i can   reach new york soon? . so i will buy the    express train ticket.how much?fifty dollars. . here you are...yes. i went to america and europe countries and some asian countries. it depends on the  reason to go,  because     if i want to    enjoy the vacation, i want to go to asian countries. because  it is very cheap and  i think asian food is very delicious and people is very kind for us. so i think  it's good. and  if i  live in the foreign country, i want to live in europe countries because i think it's very safe and      i think i'm not confuse   with their culture or like habits.....o k, but  last exam, i explain this one.  is that o k? one day last week,  one couple was walking along the street. and when they walking, they heard the  kitty crying and  the boy  noticed the sound. and    they found the box and they opened the box. after they opened the box, they found a cat in the box and  the girl  liked the cat,  and   she want get the cat    but though she asked the boy to have the cat, but the boy   didn't approval to have the cat.  but     she asked the boy,     he couldn't say no and they decide to have the cat.yes. i have a dog called  rina.rina.  i don't take care of  my dog because i'm not  in home.    i just in home only for the night, so my parents  take care of   our dog.   my sister is  kind of people   very nervous and  she  very heavy  disease so we decide to buy the dog. and once  she get a dog,  her diseases  is  so much and  as i said,  i'm not in the home and my parents are  working very hard, so    this much time,   she only is home. and so dog is very good for us.yes.. i will have to submit my french  homework, so after that i'll study french..thank you.