my name is .i'm fine. i'm . yourself?o k. .?. actually, i was visiting hong kong.and then yesterday, i'm going back to japan..in honk kong?  i visited some customers. the main purpose was  to bring the demo sample to show  in front of the customer.hong kong, hot. then, there's a lot of humiditycomparing with japan . but  there was a lot of people walkingand  a lot of carsand also a lot of buildings. not so beautiful.but  i feel some kind of energy..job?.  basically, i am selling some kind of devicesto the hong kong,and singapore,and also united states.and then, those productsis  . so,    we are introducing japanese technology to the asian people, sometimes, united states .  go to the business .  best .or  i can have  those kind of opportunity,so  that's very good for me. i can see many thing.i can meet a lot  very good staff...no,  i was in   community college   near our  subsidiary.we have a branch office in .and then,  the college was nearby  our office.and then,  i was taking business classes marketing or advertising, .    the first i visited united states, mean, two years ago,i was so impressed becausei feel like everything was different japan.but after two years, i feel almost same as japan.everything is all the same., people are ..so,   i think   no big differencebetween united states and japan...how to describe it?. this picture shows somebody's studying room.and    actually,    i don't know, but she likes dog and cat.so, that's the why she has and also cat in her room. and    maybe  she's not a student.she's a editor. she has a typewriter personal computer.then  her favorite  song is  classical music.  looks like expensive audio set.. my?.  i like japanese pops.but since i was in united states,so i don't know thecurrent pops.classical music? when i was child,my parents  make me to listenthe classical music.   so,    when i'm hearing the classical music, i can  be relax,maybe. but i don't like it...? television also? really?  i think  the children should not have mobile phone. 'cause i think the  monthly paymentis paid by their parents., if the children their earnings,they can have a mobile phone by themself. but  if they don't have any  earnings, i think, they should not, or the parents should not buy mobile phone  for the children, children should not have the mobile phone.  i've never the t v set room, so i don't have any idea.?o k.  o k.   i got a ticket for that train. but  due to the trafficwas really bad, i couldn't get on that train. so, if it's possible, could you exchange the train to the next one? against the policy .  o k. another one.. why? 'cause  last night, i went to the bar too much. so, i couldn't wake up   in the morning.so it's my fault. .    o k, i reached the station  no, five minutes before.at this time, the window person sold me the  nine-o'clock train .but it was eight fifty-five. so i ,"is it possible to catch that train?".and then he said, "yes, you can.". so that's the why i got nine-o'clock ticket., when i went to the entrance, there was a lot of people, and then line was so .then,  i tried to get the train, but    the   station  so crowd. so .? thank you very much...this is really tough.yes.? station clerk. .  i think,  you know, there's a lot of  guidein the station.i think because of that audio guide, the station clerk is not so kind.,if there's some kind of wheelchair , they always help them . i think, pretty goodin japanese.?o k.?.one day last week,   mister  was drivingin the street   to go to the airport,pick up his wife. , there was no cars in the road,because it was very early in the morning.   and at that time,   i was driving a    no, it's not a bicycle, motorcycle. and then, when i was driving, i got a phone call from my mother. and then  i was discussing, the   dinner.yeah. and suddenly,    from the right-hand side, mister b was .and then hit my   no, motorcycle.then i dropped the cell phone.i was so mad. and then i asked him, "please, or you should repair my    motorcycle.".  then businessman called the  police officer. then he claimed police officer. "       he was talking with somebody while he were running, so it's not my fault.", he said. then police officer decided   the  businessman does not have any fault. and then,  he went to the airport. and the officer is gone. and then my   motorcycle  was towed away..  yes. i have to make a phone call to hong kong.  i have to write a e-mail.. but  actually,   i will talk with the japanese hong kong. co-worker.. thank you very much.