.o k. my name is .. . .  i'm fine, thank you. ?.i'm from   in  city. it's  western part of tokyo,and it's about one and a half   train ride   from there.. it's a very rural area, so  there's not so many shops  around the area. .   there are a lot of natures...yeah. with my parents  for more than thirty years.. my mother is very nice.  and she cooks very well and she's very old and she's  sixty years old. .. parents?   i like to  travel  with them.  for example, i went to  nagano with them last winter    for bathing in hot spring.so they enjoyed very much, so i'd like to do it again  this  december or january. hot springs.  i like hot springs and     one of my hobby is to visit  as many hot springs in japan.for example, i like  nagano hot springs  and  chichibu area. i like chichibu area because  other than  bathing,  i can visit a lot of   temples. . so   it makes me feel relaxed. the school   is a very busy place, so i can relax myself..    one of the     biggest reason is   it's good for the health. so    when i bathe in a hot spring,  even if i eat  a lot of food at night,  after eating, i bathe.  in the next morning,     i have a good appetite.  i don't know the reason why but     bathing in a hot spring makes me   a good chance of     retrieving  good appetite again..  i'm teaching english  in      senior high school.. and   i'm teaching english,  reading and english writing.  so   i enjoy teaching. . but    there are   many kinds of  students.  some are good but  others are not so good. so       because   it requires me to respond differently   from student to student..... i think  this is  a place.  they enjoy  talking.   i think  they have a . . and    no,  no, no. this is a restaurant.   so they enjoy drinking and eating  talking. and    i think this couple is  just married. and  i think  it's one year after they got married, so they have a party  for a anniversary. .  and  they are ordering a wine. and  he  tries   one glass and he answers, " it tastes good.". and   this woman and this man  i think they are ordering some beefsteak or  very delicious food and they are looking forward to know      what's in it. and   i think   this is older than the other couples.  i think they are enjoying some desserts,  cakes or maybe ice creams. and  this woman is playing piano.   i think this is classical music. and it's not so late  but  it's  seven o'clock. so  maybe   they will stay over there maybe one or two hours..  last night.  i visited  hachioji with my girlfriends.and i enjoyed  eating  ,  japanese  rice.   i can't say.  . . .  we enjoyed them very much. .yeah..because     my mother's foods makes me   feel   heart warming.    the restaurant serves me a very good  taste food.   when i compare the tasteness or  good taste  between  my mother's food and restaurant's foods, of course,  the restaurant's foods is   very delicious and  more delicious than my mother's food. but   homemade  dishes are  very, very  heart warming. so it's very difficult to compare   which is better. ...o k....  should i read it?o k.  i bought     this pair of shoes  last night. but   this  size      don't   fit my  feet very well. so can i  change these  with     other size's shoes?.. what's your policy? . .  i didn't . .   so i didn't     i just tried but    i didn't   wear them. i didn't walk   on them.so   still can i change  these shoes with other types of shoes?.but  tried  on is permitted in this shop.   so it's the same thing to try them on  in my house. so    i know this   is not good manner   and against your policy but  i didn't   make them dirty. so can i  change them with other types of shoes?o k..o k. .   so could you  consult       what i'm saying  with your manager?  i'm waiting  in this shop or  i'll come again. so   could you talk      what i'm saying with your  manager?.o k.so    when should i come here? ?o k. o k. i'll call you, i come here.. i couldn't  come up with a word.    what  should i say in japanese? . it's very easy word    couldn't     very , . . yes.  when i  visited korea,  three years ago,   almost  the  same thing happened to me. i bought a  pair of  nice nike shoes.and  when i returned to my hotel, and i opened the  parcel and i looked   at the new pair of shoes. but  the      types of shoes is different between right side and  left side. so i looked again. but  it's very different. so   the next morning  when i woke up, i soon  went  lotte hotel  department store and i said, "   this is not good. so can i change them   with other kinds of shoes?". .   they okayed.  .o k.  it is raining and   they are talking. so   so  can i move  ?  one day last week. o k.  one day last week,  they are  walking in the rain and     a boy  heard something. and    it's a crying of cat. so they walked.   and the girl    held the cat. and  she said to the boy,  "can i keep this  in my house?". no. . . and  she tried to ask him  to permit her to keep this. but  he's wondering  he doesn't like cats  but she likes cats. so she's     giving signals  with her eyes  she wants to keep this very  cute cat. . .  couples    he is holding her  shoulder so,  he's  putting  his hand over her shoulder. and  they are  coming back to their house.  but he's wondering whether it is good    to keep her cat  in the apartment because it is not permitted to keep a cat.. .. i'm going to  go to shinjuku  to buy  christmas present    for my girlfriend.maybe a watch or  some accessories. ..yeah. you, too.