my name is  ..nice to meet you.i'm fine, a bit sleepy, but i'm o k.sleepy because i couldn't sleep last night. i have so much to do.  it takes too long, and i finally went to the bed only three o'clock in the morning. ,yeah, very bad. .i live in  on     line. so it's not far  from   station.   if you take the  subway or train from  station, it take about twenty minutes. and    is  relatively . and we have some university,  university, so there're quite lots of interesting  stores and shops and good restaurants.  but still, it's  for residential area, so it's not so  or industorial place. so it's quite comfortable place to live..yes. we recently moved to , last july, actually, with   yeah,  my husband and two kids. and they are twins.yes.yes.i delivered last march, so they will be one year old quite soon..actually, i didn't expect that i was pregnant at all we didn't planned. or  as far as i understand  i feel,  we didn't do nothing almost. so it was kind of "why?". and  it's a pleasant surprise, but it was kind of shock. and i didn't really expected anything like that, so i was kind of freezed., therefore,  the one of the nurse was so worried about my face  because i didn't express my happiness or whatever. so she came to me and, "are you all right?". . "   does your  partner knows about this?". and she was very worried about, but,  yeah, it was o k.  but it's a good because it's very, i think, efficient and productive if i have to stop the workyeah, and deliver the two kids at the same time. .my work responsibility  marketing. and  i'm the marketing managers, and work with three brand managers  in a area of the  black tea,-to-drink black tea as well as tea bag and leaves.and also, little bit about p r activity on tea and health. so, yeah, it's generally about  black tea and, yeah, two brands,  and  we operate.challenging,  but it's  very interesting. particularly in r t d,  ready-to-drink business. we work with  partner  outside the , our companies, and which is .so they have very different cultures and  the way they do the business.and we have to always discuss, and, sometimes fight. and, yeah, it take a quite  long times to get the consensus, but i believe this is necessary  to get very competitive, yeah, product .yes.. o k.  o k, i see the snow mountain or ski resort. and i saw several kids playing skiing. they're doing skiing, and also, i see  several kids playing snowball playing.and, yeah, i also  see the black man,  yeah, black man looks like  he crashed and struggling get out of  the snows. and also, i see one person   snowboarding.and also, in the  cottage, i saw two people are chatting, drinking some coffee or tea.and  i see the  snowman with red muffler. and there are so many skiing  plates or skiing equipment.and it's quite colorful.. it's vivid, and,  yeah, it's fair and blue skys. they're having good fun.yeah.i did tried long time ago, probably  years ago. i was not good at, and, no,  i have not doing anything, skiing or snowboarding at all any more.    last winter season was just too busy. and, previous one, i was pregnant. so i couldn't go much far, and i just stay at home and watching t vs or cinemas. and  i did actually enjoyed quite  lots of  video watching. ..yeah..o k. . .difficult to come up with the reason. .o k.o k. .hello. hi.hi. this is . hi.  , sorry to tell you this, but  i'm sorry    i just cannot go to your dinner party tonight.i'm really sorry.   i'm really sorry, but i couldn't find  my baby sitters tonight. and i tried with my husband, but he also have a engagement outside. and i couldn't get out of the situation. so,  really sorry, but  i have to stay with my kids. and, yeah, very sorry... really? thank you very much.   i really appreciate it.    i will  go to your place at  my next birthdays. so, please invite me for the next chance. but,  .i see. .i see. so everybody's there . . o k.   is it possible  just wait another, maybe thirty, forty minutes? so that maybe  i can take a taxi and bring my kids, and maybe  all of the friends  .  is that o k? i will promise we won't  make any mess at your place. i am. i see. shit. . sorry. i'm sorry   yeah, i just cannot  do anything and .i tried. i really . i tried so much,  yeah, but i couldn't this time.is that o k?.thank you. really, really appreciate. yeah.   yeah, i will quickly change my clothes and my kids' clothes and, yeah, rush to your place..., yes. see you soon.bye.. no, i don't normally cancel the dinner party or party. i love to going to the party. . yeah. ..not so much trouble, but take much effort or attentions because they cannot do anything basically. just cry scream,  and we just cannot do anything    except hugging or playing. so,  yeah, the only  problem probably is  lack of time our personal  things.  we don't just eat between my husband and me anymore. we always eat very quickly while watching. and seeing us, and  et cetra. and, once they start screaming, we will bring them and put on the chairs. and then, we sometimes, yeah, feed  a little bit.  yeah, kind of so far..... ..   sorry, just one question.? so, o k.  i will , probably, this yellow man.o k. one day last week, i was going to work about eight o'clock, normal time.and i was  on the platform of the stations. and then,  the man next to me   bumped  my shoulder or shoulders. and then, i dropped my briefcase on the rail of the train. and  he said, "sorry.". and    i was  angry. but we couldn't get out. and   then,  suddenly,  train came into the station, and  i was very worried about my briefcase being run over crashed through the train. but, after the train left station,  briefcase stayed safe and  still   on the rail. so i was relieved. and,  yeah,  then station man who work in a station,  he kindly, yeah, lift   my briefcase and    give back to me.... i think i shouldn't do nothing by myself.  don't get,   sorry,   on the rail because so many crash,  we knew. so i have to ask  this kind of man  who work for the station or railroad companies.and, yeah,    i think he will help me  to pick this up... this weekend, i'm expecting, actually, friends visiting to my place.. yeah....it is busy, but   it's very fun actually.  two kids, they are identical   .so they're very diffedrent. so  it's really identical. very different. one is fatty, and one is slim. and one is  selfish, and one  go  own ways, and very different. always, yeah, enjoy watching. .yes..thank you.