. my name is .  i'm fine.yeah, it's cold. . yeah, i will go  to jyouetsu kokusai,to play snowboard,yeah from december twenty-sixthto twenty-ninth. yeah. it's easy  to beginners.everyone can do  snowboarding easily.it's fun. it's more fun than skiing.. i think.no,   i play skiing once a time.only once. but i play snowboardingfor three times or four times.?snowboarding?.yeah, i play soccer with my friends.i'm in a soccer circlewith my friends, so  every weekends i usually play soccer.  my hobby is playing billiard or mahjong.so   every weekend i usually  play with my friendsalmost play soccerbut other yes mahjong or play billiard   i started mahjong and billiard   from   university so  still  i'm in beginner.but i can  play them.. and i enjoy it.. .yes. i have part-time job at restaurant.. restaurant. i make  or  or, food restaurant. my restaurant's name is . but that name  is recently. . before, my restaurant's name is .but  recently the name was changedto .. a little   expensive, a little.so  there are many people who are olderto eat.  i can make sushi. i think many people have not  never make  .but i can  so  i think that i have  good experienceto make ....yeah. . it's sunny day.and   there is a big house and in front of the house the car is stopping and on the car the cat is sleeping  and  there many people   and near the house and two boys play  with balls and one girl playing with  and on the road the man is running   and there   two womens who are talking with each other and  one of  have  dog     and opposite side  there is one man who is sitting on the chair and reading newspapers.  i think      this location    is   not occupy.so there are many place to   play.  yes.      there are many houses where i live so  there're no space,or no place to play or to speak with each other.and  there're no big streets where  i'm living but in that picture there are many places or  many usual places to play. and this house is very big but my house is very small. .yeah. yes. i want but now i can't.  i can't cook by myself or i can't clean or i can't wash my . .yes..yeah. i'd like to go to new york.and   i   hurry.so  i have to go as soon as i can.    what traini should ride, ? ? it takes two times from here to new york? it takes two time? ?.what is different, ? i'd like to  get on the first one.yeah.   what should i do to get on the first one?     what kind of train    which arrive in new york   fastest?express train.yeah and where  do i have to buy a ticket?yeah.  yeah. i'd like to buy that one.yeah.  no seat? bad. . so i'd like to  get a ticket second.except that one, what train    that will arrive new york fast?. all i can is   to get on local train? so that i will  take a ticket to local train.yes.o k. by myself? i often go trip by my car. i hardly get on a train.. . any place but  usually i go to odaiba or yokohama.and far place  example nikko kawaguchiko. when i arrive the destination,that place we go, then i can  drive thereby my car, but if i go there by train, i have to get on bus or taxi or by my foot.. yeah.. yes.    i think his name is takeshi.one day last week takeshi   went to restaurant    with his father. . and     they hardly meet with each other so that   there were few chances  to   to have conversation with each other so that day was a   nice day.  and they enter in a restaurant.   and they sat   and the waiter   gave them a menu and  they saw menu and   they decided   food to eat  and   they have a lot of conversation through eating dinner   and takeshi talked his father is   about his usual days    and they ate a lot of foods   and they finished eating.and his father   pay the whole money.and    takeshi felt good. and then    his father had to go somewhere sotakeshi  came home by himself.    my feelingthat day  but   i have enough money  to eat expensive foods.so and my friend also have no money. so  we usually eat fast food or  in family restaurantin cheaper food. i have class from one o'clock so i have to go that lesson.yeah. o k.thank you.