good morning. my name is  . please call me ..fine, thank you. how are you, too? only been about  seven months or so.yes.yes, i am a fresh man. i think it's o k. it suits me. i belong to the  accounting department. and     i like analyzing  what  actual figures mean. and     i thinki like it.yes, i am.  i'm not in a accounting division.  i'm in the liner division, and i do the accounting for the liner division which means  i don't do the accounting for the whole company.   it's just divisional  accounting. and    of course accounting skill or knowledge or    that's required. i now been studying that   since i came into the company. and,   yeah, basic  accounting skills and   what the figures mean and   yeah,  that's about it.   basically the accounting skill or knowledge i read books or the company   lets me  go to accounting schools.    not at the moment. but  i went to  several accounting schools in may and june. and      what the actual figures mean, or after  i look at a lot of    accounting books and then i calculate  how the figures calculate. yeah.weekends.   i do athletics.   i do long distances. and     this sunday, i'm going to be running a  full marathon. so i've been practicing for that on weekends.yeah.yeah.    you know,   it's like  when new york marathon where all citizens take part. i do it. that's  kawaguchi  lake in   yamanashi prefecture.   have you been to kawaguchi ? you sort of  run the lake twice. and  that makes forty two point one nine five kilo meters. it's my fifth challenge.running.    i started running when i came into university, that was my first time.   i didn't belong   to  athletic club when i was in a senior high school. but  i was pretty fast. and  i'm good at long distances   though i didn't belong to the athletic club. and   i thought i might, you know, start.no,   i didn't actually.   no, i didn't. no.  i mean  i don't think i have the rights to comment  about her because   she's most professional, and  most fastest runner in the world,i think. this is a picture  of  class room, i think about    junior high school.  the teacher is teaching  mathematics to the students although only a few of the students  listen to her. and  most of the students are doing something else.   one, i think because students aren't interested in mathematics. and two,  because  probably  the way the teacher teaches is not that good at all. she's not teaching mathematics interesting. or three,   it's probably nothing to do with examination. very good question.   usually, mathematics teachers, they try to describe everything using  figures. but   if she's not interesting or most of the students aren't interested in figures, that  if the teacher tries to explain everything in figures, i guess  it'll be difficult  interest the students. so i think the teachers should  explain mathematics rather not using figures, but using something else. using like words or  examples that are more close to you.    pretty much the same, i think. but  i think i listened to the teacher.but i think i was listening to the teacher. pretty much the same, i think.students.    this is much worse, i think than my high school days.    first of all, we didn't have cell phones in a high school days. so no one was playing around with cell phones, but there were students chatting or chewing gums or drinking or listening to music. so yeah, i guess pretty much the same. o k. hello. hi, .  hi,  yes. this is  's calling. terribly sorry.  there's  nothing i can do about it.     i was on my way to my garage. but   when i turned  the engine of my car,   it didn't go on. the car broke out.   and  i thought of  some other  transportation to get to you. but    the buses aren't working because of the strike today. and    there's no way i can get to you.  all the transportation are on strike today. i'm sorry.   i don't know what to say. i'm terribly sorry. but  there's nothing i can do here.brother?your house is like  fifty miles away from my house..yes, i was coming by my car. but    it's gonna be like four o'clock in the morning when i get to your house. and      if  you make your brother do that, i'm taking all you know, enjoyment of your brother. and  i can't do that.no. that  i'm sure he likes parties  rather than driving.  just   sorry, i'm sorry, too, actually. because  it's car accident, and  can't do anything about it.  i'm sorry, too.  i'm very sorry. and    if there's next chance for me,   i appreciate if you could  invite me  to it..  thank you.    i'm on  trying to fix my car, but i can't. i'm sorry.. thank you. bye bye.   what do you mean by party? a home party, you mean? . yes, i do actually.  i mean  it's quite difficult to have a home party in japan. but at a bar, or, yes,  i do. because the houses are not big enough, i think.     yeah, and  it's quite troublesome, i think. and  there's none of the car parks around houses. and it's quite bothering.yes, i have. yes.  yeah, home party.  usually it's a home party when you go abroad, i think.  yes.   yeah,   that was in australia.  that's ten years ago, i think.  it was birthday party  of a friend of mine. and      i couldn't drive in so my mom drove me to his house. and  he had a swimming pool. place. and    what we did was playing around in the pool. and  we went to this park like only two or three minutes walk his place, and played  football. i did, i think. ?  one day last week? it happened last week.and what do you mean by "one day last week,"?   . o k. o k.  start off with this. o k.  one day last week,   john was driving his car   to get back home from work. on the other hand,  steve on his motorbike was also going back home. now  steve was  visiting his    girl friend's place with his motorbike. however, he wasn't concentrating on driving. he was  concentrating on talking with his girl friend. and the accident happens.  when john tried to turn left,     he  steve. however john quickly turned his handle, and avoided the accident. however steve  no, he didn't .  , yeah he avoided   a big accident.   however   the car didn't hit steve himself but it hit steve's motorbike. on the other hand,  when john hit a  steve's motorbike, steve   dropped his cell phone which means that  steve broke both his motorbike and his cell phone. steve claims that it was john's fault. and  they decided to call the police  to see what was the cause of the accident, and  who's fault was it.   when the police man came, they both explained the police man what happened. and police man write down what happened,   the  concrete  situation of the accident, and went back to the  police station to report.  john's car wasn't broken at all. so he drove off. however steve whose motorbike was broken and  could not be used for driving, decided  to call engineer nearby, and took his motorbike to the engineer.now,  i mean steve     should not have been talking with the cell phone when he was driving. i don't think there's any fault with john.yeah, i think so. i've never hit someone else's car or bike or person.yes, i do.    movement of people and movement of cars or movement of those anything that moves i keep my eye on.it's not difficult. but       how do you say, it's annoying to drive in tokyo.o k. thank you, too.work.  yeah, i think so, yeah.no. i don't go at the moment.  i'll probably go next january, i think..thank you. bye.