.my name is .from . and   do you know ? yeah,  ward. it is near from here.it take just  thirteen minutes  train.yes, in .  but  i was raised up in overseas, i mean in  and  and .yeah.totally eight years. so from seven to  fifteen, yeah..quite a long time. but unfortunately, it was not in a  english-speaking country.so my mother tongue was chinese.. "". past tense. ..but once my english  knowledge came to my brain,i forgot everything about chinese.  it's a so pity.hobbies. i like sports. i like skiing. and  i like sailing. do you know dinghy? it's a small yacht. not cruiser not big one. so it is rather a hard sports. so  and  also boogie boat.that's sort of things. and reading. but since i've got a child, now i don't have enough time to do all these kind of things. i have to stay in home. so  my biggest hobby  now is to learn english in inter school..a four and seven..yeah, sure. . they love that.   i haven't told you that before, but i have been in  as well.  the .because  as you may realize, for  young people, the western country  was fascinating actually. and  it was my  high school age. and i enjoyed a lot.yeah. i learned a lot. but i enjoyed a lot, too.yes. .yes, sure. they are having a dinner at high standard restaurant. it is seven o'clock maybe in the evening because they are wearing  nice dresses. and yes, nice dresses,  dressed. and  the sommelier   brought some champagne. i'm sure this is the champagne because the bottle is fat. .  no, it is not a champagne because the glass that poured . it looks . red wine. and  they're having a dinner. they are going to have a dinner. and they are having   wine testing.  since the gentleman is smiling that a wine must be the  acceptable one for this gentleman. and  the lady is playing the piano. maybe classic. because this is  a kind of posh restaurant like a french. it could be italian. i'm sure it is the french. there are three couples.  but   two couples  have already  been eating dinners. but this very centered one   haven't had dinner, yet.?in .   for me, it is too snobbish..  i used to love this kind of restaurant so much when i was young and my husband was young. and   we didn't have any children. we sometimes,  i can't say often,  we sometimes   visited these kind restaurant. but  my favorite restaurant these days is  more lively one. we love italian restaurant. and  it is located near here. and  it's rather noisy. and   there are so many tables close together. and food are reasonable. the wines are reasonable. but still  i can feel the energy of the  italian  cuisine. and we can enjoy it so much.welcome..yes, sure.  yes, i'm ready.yes, as matter of fact,  i missed my train that i booked.  so  could you please  refund this ticket or exchange the new one. is it possible?i know that  i think that you're gonna say this.  but please help me.  i have to go, o k, let's say seattle. and  i missed that train, and i've got job interview. and    i haven't got the money to buy the extra ticket. so  could you refund or exchange  the new one. maybe the next train, please.o k. i understand. i understand. then  can i  talk this to your boss, please?in that case, o k.      you   hide it. and  she won't see this. she won't realize this. so please do it.reason? of course, my good reason is to have the job interview. but it is not good reason for you. so  maybe o k.  if it were your fault, you can give me a  refund or the new one. so  please help me.  what could be possible for you to have some mistake to me?. i know. so  then your mistake. so  maybe that train   leave here  just slightly earlier than expected. maybe one minute or let's say ten seconds. and i missed that train. can you say that?yes, yes. it is possible so please why don't you do this?.. yes. many many many times. as matter of fact, yeah,  i went to  the guy who was standing over there, i mean in the station. and i talked like this, and managed. then  most of the case was their fault. as you know in europe and in  south  east asian country,  their  train schedule is terrible. they go much earlier than  the schedule or much later than the schedule. and so   it didn't make me so . . o k.yes.? .yeah.... o k.  it was the story  occurred one day last week.  i went to the station as usual at eight o'clock in the morning. and  some guy standing next to me   hitted me  with his elbow. and  i dropped the luggage on the railway.   i was so furious, and    i complained about it.  and  asked him  asked him to pick up my luggage. but he said that he couldn't do this because  it was so dangerous.  then the shortly after that accident,  a train came into the platform. and roll over my luggage. and i was so shocked because in that  luggage,   i had very important papers for my company. but     after that train  leave this platform, i was so relieved because my luggage is just in between of   the railway.  so that  it was not destroyed.   it save my life. and  then  the station man  came, and went down on  the railway, and get me  the luggage.  i went to the office as usual. it was a kind of terrible day, but in the end, it was o k.here in .  in ,    they are well scheduled. and     most trains come on time. and   they are so clean. the most passengers are very quiet. not really, but yes, compared to in .  and also,   other said it is well organized. the reason is that every station in japan, we have  station men to see the ticket,  i mean to check the ticket, and so on. but in ,  they rarely have the station men. and the train itself is very dirty,  often very  smelly. and as i said  before,  train often delayed.  also  . in japan, very convenient. but also   yes, i can say that in ,  railway system is very convenient. well organized compared with, i say france or asian ones.yes.. i haven't decided it, yet. but   certainly, if i passed the exam of i don't know in english   first grade of ,  i will. as far as i remember,  june.june something. yes..this interview.     two ladies that you had this morning before i came here,  they are my friend. so   we are going to have a lunch.yes.yes, it is.thank you very much.yes.