good morning. i'm fine. thank you. and you?o k.  my name is .yeah.o k.  i work in  .  my section is in a textile division.so  i was person in charge of  delivering   some products. . my section manages  raw material textile. so   i'm exporting for some products to all over the world,  for example,  polyester to the united states and nylon to the  all asians area, and spandex to  china. .. i like  my job.  for example,  to contact with my customer.   sometime i ate  with my customer, have a dinner. and  sometime we contact and  negotiate with customer.so it's a good opportunity  to grow up myself.my colleagues.  all my colleagues very kind for me. and recently,  i have a problem because one of my colleague is sick now.so he maybe  go to hospital  to do a operation, so he will absent  near the future. so instead of him, i have to  do  some job  instead of him. so maybe  near the future,  i will be busy everyday.yeah.yes.weekend. what do you do? weekend.o k. last weekend, o k?o k.  last weekend   my best friend in tokyo  came to osaka  with his girlfriend  to go to universal studios in japan. so the previous day, i met them  to have a dinner.  so i went to the korean restaurant with them  and i had a  really good time with them.  it's a  all long time  since   i met him last.. my  best friend requested me  to go to korean restaurant because  he likes really  korean food.   it was very spicy.yes. i like it too, so because i really like spicy food.so for example, kimchee and korean barbecue.yes.yes. i really enjoyed.thank you..alright. this picture shows a very peaceful neighborhood like  my hometown. . the sun is shining bright. and there is a big house  with a backyard. in the backyard,  there are two boys playing volleyball. in front of the house,  there is a sidewalk. along the sidewalk, a man wearing a blue sweatshirt is jogging. and next to the sidewalk, there is a car. a car is parked on the side of the street. a cat is sleeping on the top of the car. next to the car,  there are two women with a dog talking together.  across the street,  an old man is reading a newspaper.that's all.. my hometown is in  in .yes.  i went to the united states  last august.yes.  it was very similar with this picture. in the united states,i went to the . it was very countryside. so there are a lot of nature and  mountains and rice field   and    farm.no. . i went to the university to study english.for four months.yes.. so when i  stayed the united states, i sometimes went to  farm to watch the horse,because  i like horses and i like horse racing. . so at that time, i really looked forward to seeing the horses. so  at that time, i really enjoyed...o k.o k.hello.  yesterday, i bought this handbag here,  but after  i opened the pack,   there was a stain on the side of the handbag. so i'd like to ask for a refund.yes.yes.  i have a receipt..o k. here you are.but  i prefer the new one..  but  now, i changed the mind. so i'd like to ask for the refund.... really.o k. but     i  really disappointed because  this is not the first time i came here and some clerks never told me that you don't accept  my request.so could you accept  my request?.. thank you very much.see you...o k. . i went to  some shopping mall     when i stayed united states. . but i never seen the department store.  shopping mall style, so i like this kind of style because     there are a lot of shop in same floor, so i don't need to  go up the floor..  o k.  it's not good point,  when i bought  some present  with my girlfriend,  at that time, i bought  not so cheap goods,  and of course i requested the gift wrapping for the clerk, but the clerk   ignored my request.. yes.  this gift wrap was really bad, so after i went home, i rewrapped it.yes..o k.alright.o k. . a boy and his father  decided to have a lunch together, so they arranged to meet in front of the restaurant.  as soon as they entered the restaurant,  they were welcomed by a waiter. the father requested for  a table near the window. they were shown  the table near the window by a waitress. the boy was carefully choosing  his menu. finally,  they decided what to eat. and the boy chose the fish. and his father chose the chicken.  after they finished lunch, they went to the cashier to pay for the meal. the father paid all cost and the boy was really satisfied. after they went out of the restaurant, they started to walk in different directions because  the boy had another plan  to go out with his friend.o k.  the service of the restaurant in japan is really good. so, for example, a waiter and waitress are very careful  for customers.  on the other hand,  the service in the united states  not so good.  and also a customer have to pay the tip in the united states.  it's a completely different from  japan and the united states.. i like it..thank you.. i hope so, but i don't have a time  because i have very busy days.no. especially, i have no vacation, but   every year, i take  vacation  one day or two day.yes.yeah.thank you .thank you.