my name is .nice to meet you, too.i'm fine. how are you?   i'm from .yes.family is parents and sister and dog.my dog is ten old,and very cute.i sometimes go to walk with my dog, and  feed my dog.and so on.my hobby is going to shopping and   playing sports especially soccer.    i have played soccer for seven years.and   i felt such soccer is very good sports. soccer is very difficult sports, and   we have to use brain.my major is politics.no. .i'm not interested in politics.because my school is waseda honjo.waseda honjo is attached to waseda university.   during my high school,  i got good points in the tests.  so  i enter politics.   do you know comme des garcons?comme des garcons?so i will work that shop... so it's the room. in the room,   there is one cat on the bed. and ,  near the bed, there is a dog. and the door is opened.   one girl sit on the chair.     there is one desk.   on      her right hand, there is window and clock. behind her, there   stereo. . . yes. my room  i have many closet. that's all.no.   i sometimes use computer.  i do internet, and check the mail  and so on. let's speak.let's speak. hello. this is . hi. how are you?i'm fine, thank you. i will go to movie  with you. how about?  i will go to movie   tomorrow.   are you free tomorrow?   i want  to wait at five at the evening.  i want to wait at  station. so please  come to station at five. where are you convenient for you?o k.   , at shinjuku, i want to meet you at five.   we will go by train from shinjuku to shibuya. ?bye-bye.yes.?? i watched "a i".but "a i" is not interesting for me.  i  prefer watching movie at home to watching the movie at the theater.why is that?why?why.     because   if i  watch movie,  i cost money. ??  ?.  one day last weeks,   she went to shopping to the department. she bought a present for your children.   she asked   the staff in the department      whether a necktie is fit to her husband. three.  she bought the necktie. so     she paid the staff money. four.    the department store  is held final sale. so   she saw the sale.  probably  she wonder to buy the shoes. five.  the  same as four.      she wanted to buy the clothes.      and the clothes is fifty percent off. six. she bought many things. and she got out of the department store.yes. i will go to shinjuku, and  i play with my friend. are you going to shinjuku. yes. i don't decide. i usually go shopping at shinjuku.yes.yes. i want to.you want to? i want to work at .   at that shop.   i don't know whether the shop accept me.yes.thank you.thank you very much.