good evening.my name is .yes.yes.yes. it's cold.around this time.usually,  after i finish my work, i go straight home.first thing?   i check my mail, and   my mail means  post office, and also e-mails.  and i, after that, i  prepare my dinner.no. with my husband..   he is same age  to me, and  we were university class mates. and he is now working for      broadcasting company.    it broadcast   only music.i live in .how?.  .   two years later we married,  our  rents  was getting higher. so  we searched somewhere  to live, but we found  it,  renting or and buying a house is  also  same price on the every month  payment. so we decided to buy a house. but     my parents' house is in  so i'm  familiar with     area. so i wanted to live  around there. so finally, we found good place.yes.yes, convenient.yes.yes.  .  it is in a   maybe french  or italian restaurant. and couple are  talking to somebody  somurie    describing the wine.  . maybe it's their  some  celebration day.   so they  have dinner at the gorgeous restaurant. . yes, sometimes. or sometimes,    we went trip to somewhere..   we married on april, so every  four or five years, on golden week, we have  about two-weeks trip to europe.. and at other time,   we go to  hakone.  i like  england best.why? . because    i can communicate by using english. so   other countries, people speak other languages.it's very difficult to communicate.yes.yes.. excuse me,  i'd like to go to new york by train,    as soon as possible.     which train is   reaching  early?six p. m..   how much is that train's ticket?forty dollars. and how long does it take to get  new york?ninety minutes.yes. . is that  quickest way to  reach new york?so  i'll  have a   one way ticket to  new york, one adult.yeah.    forty dollars?here you go.thank you.thank you very much.. traveling  in japan is easier to compare traveling in europe because we can  travel by our car. but traveling in japan  it costs more expensive, i think,   because price of the hotels or  is very expensive.so,  i think  traveling in europe or other countries    are attracting  me.yes.. one day last week,   i went to a department store for  buy  my husband's birthday present.     i found  a good necktie at there, so  i bought one. and after i bought his  birthday party,   on the way to    back home, i found   ladies' shoes sale.   it was thirty percent off sale.  . so, i bought some shoes, and after that,  on  other floor, i found another sale.  it was fifty percent off. so  i stopped, and    i bought some. and at finally,       i bought  three packages of   my things. and i leaved the department store.?yes. i like shopping..  .  i like to buy   some small  items such as  stationary or daily  cosmetics. so i don't like  expensive  goods, so i like supermarkets. so, every time i go abroad, i usually visit  local supermarkets.yeah.  i usually buy chocolate bars or some cookies.thank you very much.yes.yes. of course.thank you very much.thank you.