good morning.my name is . nice to meet you.yes.  . .?. o k... o k.  i came here by subway.yes.  around thirty minutes.i live in minami sunamachi, on the tozai line.no. i live by myself. my family  live in  hiroshima.yes..   i said my family live in hiroshima, but actually,   i have one brother. ,my brother  lives in amagasaki, hyogo prefecture,because of his job.and my father   lives in hiroshima  also   because of his job.and   when i was a high school student, i live with my   mother and  my brother.and    my father  lived in hiroshima .but after passing the entrance exam,of ,and maybe  my mother think,   i'm enough independent to live by myself. she decided to go to  my father's place.   i lived  with my brother.  then,  my brother also was a student of .and  after my brother graduated from ,he went to hyogo. and   now,  i'm living by myself.yes.my major is law. especially, civil procedural law.. .  not interested in civil ,because it's very  difficult and ,it's sometimes, you know, it's very boring because, there is many, how do i say? the many  not sentence but  there is many subjects to remember or something. but   i'm interested in the  professor  of  my seminar i belong now. he's a judge.so it's very, how do i say? rare.because    judges are very  busy. so,usually,  they don't teach. they don't do that. so i'm so interested in   how do i say?  present judge. i mean,    he's still working as a judge now. so i'm so interested in ...o k.. there is a big house.and maybe there is a  maybe  not big but not small family.  because  i can see three children.and the weather is so nice.  because there is  sun.and  children  play outside.and  maybe    environment is very good. because the neighbors talk    the families. and  there is some trees.and  there is  many  places   to play for children..  i think this one is much better than my house. , i live in a apartment.so  there is no place to play for children.and    i don't even know  my neighbor's name.and i have never   talked.i mean,  i did  just   to say "hi." or "hello." or something like that.  i never talked  with them. and    i can't see children playing like this. i think this is much better than  my house. . you mean now? .now?maybe even in sunny days, i spend as usual., i spend as same as the rainy days.like i watch t v in my house. and   i read the books or i do part-time job...    i do a part-time job at a law firm.and  sometimes  i go to governmental office to hand in some documents   i just copied or xeroxed or i faxed or something like that.thank you.yes..o k. . yes.hello. this is .i'm fine. how are you?  yeah.  i was supposed to go. and  first of all, thank you for inviting me, party. but   this is my very personal. but  i want to   excuse. ..yeah.   i wanted to see you and i wanted to see  all of you guys.   i had a emergency call , parents.and   i'll have to go their place.. my grand mom, you know, is very, very old.and  he is very sick. and    honestly, he is about to dying. so  i have to meet  .yeah.  he lives in osaka. ,i have to  catch the train,as soon as possible.so i really   wanted visit your place.and have a time with you guys. but i'm so sorry..yeah. i hope so. hope so.bye. thank you.yeah. but  what kind of .. i like    not too loud ., and  very usual party.i mean, when i was in the u s,i was invited the party.and   when i went there,i realized that is   how do i say? drug  party. i like very usual,  not very quiet but not very loud party ilike.  yes. ...   maybe a week ago,i had a party.   my best friend  came back from australia.she went to australia for   working holiday.and  i also went to the u s,  for ten months,as a exchange, student from waseda university. so we haven't  met each other maybe fifteen months.so i really wanted to meet her. and  we had a party for her....o k. so can i just tell what's going on?   a man drove the car  one day. then,  another guy  got on his bike with calling his girlfriend.that's very dangerous. and suddenly,   the car hit    the cell phone of the man who was riding the bike.  so, the man of the bike was very angry because the cell phone was broken. and  also the  bike was broken. .    . .  and  maybe policeman came, in order to solve this problem. and   the owner of the car was   explaining about the  cell phone.  and    what's going on? . . o k. maybe   he complain about the cell phone.  but he understands the bike was broken. and  the repairman came,to pick the   bike. sorry..      personally,now, i really need it.because i will  start jog hunting .but actually, we don't have to. because  as i say, i have live in the u. s. for ten months. and   i had no cell phone. and  i could  survive. .o k..  i will have a class. and i'll have a interview for internship. so now, i'm wearing .yes. thank you.thank .bye.