my name is .nice to meet you.yes. recently    i have been very busy. because  i'm working and i'm student and i'm housewife. yes.job? yes.  i work at  law firm. and  i am a kind of assistant to some lawyers and patent lawyers and paralegals. yeah,  so   assistant means,  making copies  clean up the room and    looking for  everything  required by lawyers. so i'm always,  going to court or  lawyer's association. that's my job.  because  a friend of mine from   used to work there, and   she introduced me to the office, because now i'm studying at night class,     and  i was looking for a job  near college.  and i have to go to college at night, so the job was   daytime job. so i decided to work there. .  i don't think i can cope with it  this age.       but  i always  concentrate on what i'm doing now. so i think that's the way to handle with  both role  maybe. i like watching soccer game,  because my hometown is . so i'm very big fan of . so   i often go to the stadium and also  watching games on t v. and my husband  also big fan of soccer games, so  we enjoy seeing it. and  what else?  and  i like listening to music, especially rock music from overseas. yeah.  actually  i like watching  any kinds of sports. but  the reason why i specially    like soccer is  my hometown is , and   the town    was not so famous before. but after the club came,       we could feel a kind of pride and   so, we found a joy. so,   i started to watch game  and      i became to  love soccer.o k.   this is a  room in a hotel. and   sorry, it's not. yeah, i think it's a restaurant. and there are three tables,  and there are three couples and  two  waiter are serving. and  in the middle of the restaurant, the couple is  drinking wine. and  the man is  testing the wine and saying something to the waiter. maybe he is sommelier. and  he show the bottle to the man. i guess he is explaining something. and  the couple,  they dressed very nicely. . o k? you mean, in our free time? like this?     i sometimes eating out with my husband. but we don't get dressed like this.   it's very different from restaurant to we often go. we often go to a kind of family style restaurant  such as denny's or skylark. so i wish i could  go to a nice restaurant like this.  at first, it's very cheap and they served very quickly. and,  most of the cases,  that kind of restaurant is in suburb, so   people can go there very easily. i think they are good point of family-type restaurant.o k.   i have a reservation ticket, but  i had a accident and      i couldn't  get on the train i reserved. so   i'd like to paid back   to the ticket. is it possible? but  the accident was caused by j r, so  i couldn't helped. so i think this is a kind of special case. so could you ask your boss? i see.      maybe   i got something to prove from police because it was a suicide accident. . .o k. so   o k.     once  i buy the new ticket,  but   i really wanna  pay back for the ticket, so here is my address. so      could you give me a call later?yes, i have.    i have been to  the united states and france and italy, singapore and england.  at first,  i like taking airplanes. so  most of the people  are complaining about food or  seat  on  planes, but i love the atmosphere, yeah.   i can feel like  " i'm going abroad.".so i'm very excited. so i like the atmosphere. and i like the food because i don't have to serve, i don't have to cook. so it's very comfortable.   so that's  one of the reason i like traveling abroad. and  after i arrive   at  foreign country,      i can enjoy what i can't experience in japan. so everything is very fun to me.no, .o k.yes.   one day last week,  i went to a department store  to buy  a tie for my husband.  but i didn't know,  what kind of design is good for him. so i asked the clerk. then   he recommended,   green one to me.  and  i paid for it, and i asked him to wrap as a gift.    and  i paid two thousand yen to him. then   i would like to buy    other things for me, so i asked him     what floor is for women's clothes.  he said  it's third floor. so    i go up to the stairs to  the third floor.yeah.      i think   the number of  year-end gifts is decreasing because the most of young people don't like that custom. and actually i don't do it, so.  but maybe   the number is not so big, but i guess  it will continue.  but personally i don't like the custom  because it's waste of money. because, for example, i give you the gift and then  you will give me the gift, so   i can't understand their idea.  i have to go to college, because i have some classes tonight.     i want to study english education,  but i graduate from a vocational school, so,  after i enter the company, my interest about english became bigger. but    one day i realized i didn't study a lot.  so i decided to go to college again.    so now, i'm taking,   some lessons for teachers.  so i would like to take a certification for  english teaching.that's my plan.yes. .thank you very much.thank you.