my name is .i want to say i'm fine, but i had caught a cold since the day before yesterday. and that day was very cold so  i had a cold.   and  this morning,  i  felt feverish so  i took some medicine. so now, i feel little bit better than before, but maybe i feel .and then, taking s s t test is the  most important for me so i can't  this.yeah. at first, i sleep well for a long time. and two, i   take some medicines,     and third,  i go to see a doctor. and  in this building, we have the doctor in this building so maybe i will go to see the doctor, and take some medicines.yeah.yeah, it's very convenience, and it takes only   two or three minutes to  go to see a doctor, or it's easy to take a reservation   to see a doctor. or   when i have to wait to take medicines,   we can do the work  in my office something like this.yeah.  yeah. after the work, when i  get to home,  i soak in a bath tub  every day for long time or more than thirty minutes. or   at the weekend, i go out  with my husband to do exercise, or  to play basketball in the sports gym something like that.. yeah. in a sports gym. when i was in university student, i play basketball  every weekend with my husbandin a university  sports gym. . of course,  my friends   came into my team, and  play basketball. yeah.. we have .so  we enjoy basketball.yeah.. yeah.yes.  this is a ski resort, and many skiers are skiing smoothly, but  some are  falling down. and on the top of the ski slop, there is a ski lodge made of wood, and two people are having a  tea break while talking. and in front of the lodge,  childrens are playing catchball with snowballs. and along the ski slope,  there is a lift moving. and behind this ski resort,  there is  big mountains covered with white snow. and maybe it is very fine, and   look at this,    maybe he is a teacher,   they're learning skiing.  .yeah.no.. but i want to go to ski resort   maybe next week.yeah.   i can ski. i can only ski.  i don't  snowboard, but  this year, i want to try. yeah. but   when i was university student, i went to go ski resort  two or three time in one  ski season, but now  we're busy so we can not match the holiday with my friend so  i have not in skiing for   since these five years or six years. yeah.yeah, .  i don't decide, but   maybe   i will go to yuzawa with my husband because my parents  has a second house in yuzawa so maybe i will go to yuzawa.  there are many ski resorts in yuzawa.   naeba is very famous,  but  i like very small ski resort  because it's very at home,  or  few people are skiing so  it's not crowded.   and  in yuzawa,  there're a lot of hot springs.  one advantage in skiing  in yuzawa.yeah.yeah.yeah.yes. hello, this is  .how are you? i'd like to talk about dinner party,which you  invite me.  i  want to go to dinner party, but sorry, i can't go.because   my boss suddenly  called me, and  require to go to business trip to abroad. i can't  refuse because my boss order. so  i can't go your dinner party.yeah.yeah, very sudden. i was very surprised,    .no, because   tomorrow morning, we will have a important business  conference in shanghai. so  we should reach there   within today.yeah, i know.    but i can't this time. but i do want to go so i want you to invite me next time.. i call all of my friends  excuse. because of course,  they're important for me, but this business  is very important   for me and  my company. it is  one of crisis so i have to go.yeah.thank you, but next time, please call me again.thank you...  i'll call you from shanghai to you and your friends...yeah,   maybe.   sometimes. but    now i'm move to the new section  last october. in my previous section, i go to abroad,  for example, china or hong kong or korea, two or three times a month.yeah. .it's very , but   every day i worked   until midnight  from nine o'clock  a. m. to twelve o'clock p. m.     until midnight. so i was so busy every day in shanghai or  seoul , but   now i belong to my  new  section.  now my job is to sell apparel goods by internet. so the our supplier or our customer is  only in domestic. so now my boss  doesn't require me to go business trip, .yeah.yeah.  yeah. one day last week, i went to go shopping to a department store near my house   to buy  birthday present  for my father. at first, i went to a tie shop to buy birthday present for him.  i explain the shop staff about my father's age  or   his favorite color or size. and finally the shop staff recommended me  green tie on yellow dot. when i saw this,  i felt    it would be very suitable for him so i decided to buy it. after that,    i pay the bill to shop staff,  and  i received the tie  with  green box.  and then,  i went downstairs, and   i saw  advertisement  for discount.    for example,    the  shoes were sold at  thirty percent discount. i thought it was very reasonable so  i had many shoes and clothes  at home, but i can't . i can't control myself.  so i bought a lot of clothes and a pair of shoes. and so finally, when i went out the department store, i had a lot of shopping bags in   both hands. that day . a lot of money.yeah.  last time,  the day before yesterday, , last saturday. l took  the english lesson on saturday, and after that, i   went around  omotesando near here.  but  i didn't decide  what to buy   or what to eat, but      for me, english lesson was very stress. , i bought  four sweaters.yeah, yeah, four sweaters. but usually i don't buy four sweaters in one time, but  i was stressed out of taking s s t test or english lesson so  i bought  four sweaters in one time..but  i couldn't escape .,  spring sweaters. so  three of them are  sold  as a sale, yeah, very reasonable. yeah. but   i always treat apparel goods like sweater or pants or cut and sewn. so   always i can buy reasonable price,   i can't control myself so i bought sweaters.yeah..thank you.