 my name is . meet you. of course. i'm little tired because i'm little sleepy. i could not sleep so well night because  i drunk too much with my girlfriend in kagurazaka.and   we drunk with discussing  about for four hoursfrom six to ten o'clock. after drinking,  i had to  take a rest  in the cafe for two hours  because  i went to  there  by car i had to  go back  by car and yeah, at that time yeah, my . yes, so    i  waked up  at  six thirty,and last night,  i went to bed at two o'clock. about four hour, ,for sleeping today, i'm fine now..two hours   ago,   my condition was too bad to take  .yeah. i'm very worried . yeah,  yesterday, i discussed about  the future or dream or other boyfriend or girlfriend, and  career or so.  very hot topics.yeah, and    i did not notice  how  such a long timeyeah, for discussing, yeah.? future dream.  yeah, i hope  going abroad if i  pass this test.    told me  if i  pass the test,  i can go to china, yeah, for business.yeah, because  now,  as you know,  japanese market is shrinking now, in china,  there are many new and now,  i'm working for the textile division,and textile industries in japan is shrinking  because number of the manufacture  or productor of yarns are very decreasing ,and in china,  new comersare very increasing,  i feel  the china market   is expanding,yeah, now, ..weekends?usual weekends?..   i have some hobbies. one is horseback ridingand the other is  paragliding.and  when i was  a college student, i was member of horseback riding ,and now,  i am a member of  horseback riding team company.and  i usually go to  horseback riding park twice a month or so. and  from last year,   i started a paragliding near mount fuji. there is  good  paragliding school near mount fuji.   it takes about two hours  from my home to that area by car with using  tomei highway..yeah.yeah.o k.  this is a picture of a girl's room. there are some furnitures in the room,  clock, a stereo, a personal computer, typewriter, and shelf. and  a girl  is  sitting on the chair, and   i think    he will start     using the computer, and  yeah, i think  he start  writing e-mail p c. and there are two pets    in the room. one is cat  lying on the bed,and the other is a dog  lying on the floor.i'm afraid that   two pets   ,but  fortunately,  these two pets are sleepingso      they don't  notice each other, i think. and  a girl  is smiling  with  seeing  those pets  sleeping.yeah.  it seems very happy  day  for her.. my office?  yeah,  that computer  is desktop type,  my computer  is not    personal computer.  so i don't like this type of  computer because  it is  heavier  than mine, yeah,  it is  heavy to  use   keyboard,yeah, ,and i don't like   that kind of mouse. i like mouse    on the  board.      yeah,  i like the touch of  note personal computer's keyboard.... yes..yeah, excuse me.  but now,  i'm looking for  a bread   tomorrow's breakfast.yeah, and  i'd like to buy  some croissants.and what kind of croissant do you have?.. a chocolate? . one with filling? so     how much are them,  croissant or a chocolate?hundred .hundred-twenty yen. o k. i'd like to buy  five pieces of  regular .by the way,  do you have any milk?..? really?. so   would you recommend  other type of breads  not croissant?  what is your  most  popular bread?rye .yeah,  do you have some stock?? o k.  i'd like  two pieces of that bread.   how much is it?.two-hundred yen?o k. . o k  i'll pay cash.o k. thank you very much.typical breakfast. yeah,  now,  i'm living in the dormitory.and  we have a restaurant dormitory. so  every day,   i can eat  breakfast in that restaurant,and  yeah, almost everyday,  i take  japanese breakfast  with miso soup and rice,  chicken or a fish.yeah, and  sometimes,    we eat sandwich.and yeah, everyday,  i try to  take  breakfast  in that restaurant, but  sometimes, i cannot   because   yeah,  i get up  later than usual. ,today,  i can    ate breakfast, ,  miso soupand rice..  one day last week, a father  invited his son  to lunch   to the restaurant  near his office, and he had already  made reservation of the seat  so    they could have the seat  smoothly.and a father  chose a chicken and wine, and his son chose  fish and beer   for lunch. and  they enjoyed  eating  that delicious lunch with  talking about  their future or   some topic each other.and after lunch, a father  arranged  the payment  by cash,and his son  became full.and  after that,  they said  good-bye each other, and his son  walked away  from him.yeah,   in fact,  i don't like  drinking alcohol.and my girlfriend,  too.so  yeah,    i choice  a regular family restaurant,or  restaurant, or so. i don't like  so gorgeous restaurant like french,or  gorgeous italian, or   because yeah,   we have to  eat  much foods it cost  a lot if i  go to  such kind of restaurant. of course,  it depends on her.  , of course,    we have  sometimes  tries  to go such a gorgeous restaurant. .after this?  of course,  of course,  i will continue the work,and i have to  reply  some e-mail from my customer  in russia or hong .as you know, in russia or hong kong,   there are no golden weeks., so now,   i have many e-mails from foreign countries..yeah, i don't hope so  i'm very tired.so yeah,   i hope  i leave the office seven or eight today....yeah, very much.