my name is . .. .i'm fine.. now i'm studying for the  test. because it's on sunday this week. mainly vocabularies.yeah.. . it's about third or four  to take the pre-first test. . i like to play tennis with my friends.. i belonged in tennis club in the school.and i played  before school in the morning.and if we have time after school,  and the  p e,then we really enjoyed it. .. we're not so much good at it but  we are able to play the  rally if it goes good,  and if i can have a good shot,it really makes me happy and fun.my family?  there are four members in my family.and i have a younger brother. and  my grandfather lives in  my mother goes to  about once a month to take care of my grandfather.and my  works in    trade business, .and my younger brother is in junior high school..  she really likes to work house work.and she's always walking  and do house works and   i think she likes to take care of people.yeah.    because she works really hard and likes to   communicate with many relatives or like neighbors andlike that.yeah.  summer vacation and winter vacation.   when it was in winter vacation this year.  the food is really good in . so we went to eat sushi  and meet my cousins and other grandfathers and, yeah, i had a really good time.o k..  this man is tasting the wine, which wine to have for their dinner. all the picture?the  is playing the piano.and  one of the men is serving the dinner to the customers.and these couples are enjoying their dinner..  and   all the people look really happy.. .. i like eating sushi in  because   my grandfather lives in . the  is really good at  seafoods and  especially squids.so the sushi's are really fresh and there are many places to eat.and in ,   i don't go to sushi shops,because i eat good sushi in . .  actually i don't know     which restaurant is good at sushi. ... my grandfather  he likes to eat   delicious foods so he knows many restaurants in .so he will take us to many restaurants. so  in    we don't often go out and eat dinner or  but   we often eat in house. sothere's a really  many opportunity to eat out when we go ... ..   i have this ticket but i couldn't take the train. so  will you  this ticket?.       sorry. i had to go to the hospital because of my family had a accident in traffic.? no. .so i couldn't make it.and i have to see them so i went to the hospital and i really hurried to come here but i couldn't get it. can i get the next train?. i couldn't exchange to another ticket?.. but  i'm really hurry to go to the place. i want to take the next train and i don't have much money now.. ?..  ..  could you discount the next train's ?.. yes. .. been late for school..i couldn't think of a one .   i see it on   the t v  in the morning trains, someone get into the   railwayand the train stops.but i took the subway and  the one that i using   don't have much accidents. i don't have been into that situation. ..i don't really know .and i'll be late for ?..i will take the  ticket or something that it says it was late for  these accidents, and i'll give it to my teacher and i think they'll permit or  received it and no ...one day last week,  my mother was looking in the refrigerator and she saw that there were   no food in there. so she decided to go to the supermarket and  went to there. and she  buy some food to make dinner. and paid the money for it. and she took all of them into her car. and when she get home, she started to cook  for   family..no..like i wash the dishes.and set the table the dinner.. ... now mother is in  so we have to do a lot of things with ourselves. so i  wash the dishes and not  cook but  dinnerand clean the house. .my mother made it so i could  put into the  and just   warm the  ,  set  brother and father.. last night, we had  curry.. yeah. yes. ., i think so. . i'm not good at vocabulary.i have to study hard. but  i'll get sleepy. .. there's a word book.i got it from my friend and i erase the   going through all of them..yes.thank ...