.yes. my name is ..yes, please.i live in , prefecture.the area?   is located about fifty kilometers  tokyo. and it's a kind of resort  town. so there are lot of people  come  visit  for sightseeing, or  in during  summer,  there are lot of people  come  swimming in sea.place?. it's  historical  old town so there are a lots of temples and shrines. there're approximately one hundred fifty  temples and shrines in all. so  it's a good place to  walk around.. yes. now at this moment, i live alone.but  in my school days, i lived there. and   at that time, about two years, but  i    live there  about   thirty  years  since i got married.job?.  my job. . yes. . when i graduated from   college, i worked for , a chemical company as a secretary for three years. but after that. i got married, and i wanted to  have a teaching job. but it's very difficult to  have a   regular  teaching  job. so  i usually  stayed at home  within my children. but , i have a time and chance, i will worked for  high school, junior and senior, as a part-time teacher.to teach?. you know, teaching is learning.so      it's very  happy to be with  young students. and  at the same time, i can learn a lot. when  i stay home,  there's  nothing to   express myself, or talk about. . so i'd like to have a teaching job.yes.  .  this picture shows the  a  kind of party in a hotel or restaurant. . and there are three couples  enjoying their dinner. and this hotel is a western style hotel so  they sit   together  at table, and  wines and  western food are served.  and maybe those couples are  young or  some of them are middle age. . and in a hotel,  it's  very    i think because  there's a piano  sounds.  . and  there's a very  old black tall clock. so  i think this restaurant or  hotel  is  maybe  old and traditional hotel.. i like japanese food.. but sometimes i eat a western or chinese food also.  but i usually eat japanese  because  western food  is something different from japanese, and i think   it contains a lot of  . so it's not good for health..japanese ?. . there are lots of  japanese restaurant.  but  i usually go to a small  restaurant. and   i sometimes   visit  japanese  sushi bar. . but is it called japanese restaurant? it's a little different.   we sit    bar. so   maybe it's not a japanese restaurant. is it called japanese? sure. .. but around the kokubunji area,  there's some  japanese restaurant where we can  sit on  or around the . . and i like the atmosphere very much. .. o k, just moment, please.yes.   i'd like to  get on this  train,    i was  late for the train, but    is this ticket available  for change  to the different one?no?  i'm sorry to hear that.  . but sometimes     the officers change and  the other one  when   i  usually  late for the     the express. but  is it not available here?   i got up late  this morning. so  i couldn't   get on  the train  near my house. and it takes about  one hour. so i had better  get up earlier. i'm very sorry. . o k.  i'll buy  another one.yes.it's my fault.o k.all right.... but recently  i went to  kochi  and hiroshima and okayama, too. so  in that case, i like to  take  shinkansen  instead of  plane. i don't like airplane. why?  i don't like the time   when i ride the airplane. and especially at the   taking off,   some airplane   give the passengers  what can i say,  the feeling.  i don't like the feeling when i feel something  ache  in my .i don't like that..one day last week.  and all in one day?one day last week, i found  that my refrigerator is empty. and i have to prepare  for the dinner. . so i went out  for shopping  to the supermarket  by car. and in supermarket, i bought  bread and meat  and some other vegetables and drinks. and paid at the  register. and i  put everything  in back of my car. and i started preparing  for dinner. it was a hard day because  i have a job.  but ?is that o k?? i don't like to go to supermarket.i usually go to a  green grocery.   and  sometimes i ask the  shop    to bring the goods to my house. it's   special shop  collecting  vegetables, meats and everything from the  producer  from everywhere.but sometimes i go to  the supermarket whenever i can not find    small things..o k.this afternoon? . this afternoon, i'm going to have a    class. . and at the same time, i have a  course  in a  english  school. so i   which  shall i take.  maybe i go to   language school because i'd like to  pass the examination   next february. so i have to prepare   for the examination.thank you.you're welcome.