. my name is .nice to meet you. i'm very .tired. yesterday, i worked   hard. and when  i  went home at eleven o'clock.i am tired. i usually  checked e-mail.and checked  today's schedule.     and take a  break.and smoking. ..   i will go to ueno park with my family.and  see cherry  blossom.  my son  likes  flowers. . perhaps he will  enjoy ueno park.. i and my family  usually   my family  go to ueno park   twice a year.and we go to ueno zoo. ueno museum, and science .     many amusement park is near the ueno area. sorry?.. he is two years old and    recently, he speaks  well.   i very enjoyed with communicate him.  when  i went to home,  first i communicate him.and    if i tired, but after communicate him   i will be  very fine.   i think this is a restaurant and  man and lady   tried to start dinner.  and they choiced wine. and the man   choiced wine. he perhaps said "".and   it's seems very expensive restaurant. because background music.and      server seems    kind and    sophisticated. and  this area is very quiet.. . sorry.  ?..  i have never go such .but if i go  such restaurant,   i accept server's recommendation,     if my son with us  he will crowded. we  complain   as   we . . o k. could you tell me the way to go new york? and i have to go to new york as soon as possible.     i  need go to new york by train. and     which  will be arrive to new york more fast?left.. where can i get a express ticket? here.. thank you. how much?fifty dollars. o k.o k. i  smokes.  . no-somoking, .thank you.thank you. yes.   three times. . go to abroad.one time is my honeymoon and second time is business.business trip.. one trip is  korea.and one trip is   california, u s.no..    rental car.. i go   i went to korea by plane.and the   pusung airport.and korean's  colleague sent company's people.bring me to the hotel. and them go to korean's customer site. one site was . and one site is .and i  thought their circumstance is same japanese  circumstance.  same culture.and same business style.and some of customer's people could speak japanese.  some of them  have worked in japanese company. i  spoke japanese and english.. half and half. it's very convenient..  the woman went to depart to buy  her husband present.she  bought a tie for her husband.   the tie was green and .    . and  after, she paid.  and then, she found a final sale. and    and she  enjoy  three percent off and fifity percent off sale.  after that, she bought a many kind of goods.  . she bought  her husband tie. but    in spite of she bought a  her husband present, but she bought a many kind of her goods.?  i bought a    tole paints goods.for my wife.    do you know tole paint?. small goods or a piece of woods, light tole paint. and many kind of  furniture and some small goods.and   she likes create a  .? sorry. . .thank you.