my name is .nice to meet you. i'm  hay fever. so my nose is running, and,  somehow,  my feeling's not so well. but it's o k. hay fever?  usually  i put   some liquid to nose and  eyedrops.  i use eyedrops.   and, when i feel so bad,  i take medicine  sometimes.?at work? first, i checks    our staff's schedule and print out the schedule. and also, i read e-mails. .  then,  i'll start   to do  the  work which i think its priority is high. depend on  what i get    from e-mail.yeah.today's priority.   . i have to  write  application for domestic   trip because  yesterday was the deadline. so today is over the deadline. so i have to write     the sheet. and, just now, before i came here, i  gave it to the person who in charge of .after work?   after work, i usually   dinner with  colleagues and   some friends.near here? . i like  italian restaurant  which is located    just within the     hop step jump's distance from j r ichigaya station. . and also, there is    some curry restaurant  near kojimachi.yes. yeah.   what say,  since  japanese economy  has corrupt  so  i think     french dishes and restaurants were popular ones  at that time. . what to say, we usually say "bubble".  during the bubble, french restaurants were very  popular. but, after that,  french dishes are quite expensive for usual people. so  is little bit cheaper than french one. so  i think  it has become popular. it's a ski ground.    seven people are enjoying skiing, and   little kids are enjoying  fighting with snowballs.    there is a lift  on the side of the   ski ground. but nobody is riding at this moment.    one guy  is   sliding with   snowboard  which has been getting popular among young people. . and  one man     fall down  and buried with snow.    one of his  ski board  was away from his   shoe.   so  i think  no, maybe, three people     being instructed by a coach. .yes,   but   twenty years ago, almost. .yes,  i liked it very much.. yeah. at first,  i thought it's very difficult,   yeah,   how to ski. . but, after that,  getting  used to it.   at first,  i didn't  get speed.  i could   ski very  well.  not, i'm not right now.yes.yeah.o k.yes. yes, i'd like to go to new york. where can i get ticket? . so, how much does it cost? i need  one way ticket  to new york.? . what kind of   tickets  do you have?. so, are there many differences between the fee? .  so  i'd like to  get there  by two o'clock.. . train do you recommend? express train? o k. so the one way ticket,   express train... sorry?eighty dollars. yes,  here you are. .o k. thank you.yes. o k. very much.no. .. new york?. last year, as the tragedy,  yeah,   the twin biru,  world trading center was hit by two planes by    terrorist. . but, before that, i think,    in new york, there are a lot of  criminals and crimes. . but,  after   mister guiliani become mayor, i think he had  quite good   majors,    ,  to eliminate crimes or to reduce crimes,  i think. and then, i heard   some circumstance, surrounding things, new york  became much better than ever. so,    at that time, i thought   i may visit new york.  but  there was a attack. so, now i felt    dangerous again. so  anywhere in america, not only in new york. i just hesitate to visit america.. no.yes.sorry. . "one day last"?. "one daylast week".. o k.    one day last week,  the lady    found   nothing   in her,   , refrigerator.and she was very  anxious about  her husband because  her husband  was coming back from his business trip. so she had to  make  good dishes for him.  so   she  drove a car and  go to supermarket. and, in the supermarket,   there were  huge range of foods.   so  she picked up     the foods,  what she needed.  so  then,    after she finished  picking up some food,  she  paid for the food. . and  she took the food  into  the  back of the car.  and then, she returned her home, and she started cooking.       she cooked  fried egg  and some  .business trip? yes.   last year,  in the end of november, i went to  netherlands and to germany. yeah.how? i went  . ? ?  .  i liked   both countries.  but the food,  i didn't like  so much.   what to say,   especially in netherlands, the volume of food is so big. the portion of the food, very big. and  the tastes are  not so good. .  also and bread,   i love the french bread and the bread i ate in switzerland, but i found the bread in the netherlands were not so good,  yeah. in germany,  the breakfast,  i enjoyed  the bread. nice, very good bread, and  the breakfast was nice. . . so  just only i'm very interested in only food. today,     not so  busy, but maybe i can finish at six o'clock.yeah. thank you. .yeah.