good afternoon.. .my name is . yeah, sure. i'm fine, i guess.yes.   i have a class right now but i'm here to take this test. .yes.. after school?  these days i usually go to my part-time job.  i work at  coffee shop. i think you know it. i work at our place, . and i guess that's all i .. yes. i was just looking for some kind of job that i could do after school on the internet and i just found the job by chance, i guess.   i wasn't expecting to  just like find a coffee shop,  i was just looking around.and i just saw it on the internet. i thought " maybe i could work here.".yes.my job?   at first,  against it, so, yeah, i guess they didn't really like it at first.  but i think they got used to it. .i didn't exactly persuade them. i just started working and they had to let me work because i already started the job. i mean i guess they have to learn that i'm growing up as well and then i'm old enough to make my own decisions..my hobbies are reading books, watching movies or shopping with my friends.yes. i just saw "the last samurai.".thought that was   very nice movie.  it made me understand the japanese culture more. i didn't really understand it before because  i've never really lived long enough in japan to experience that.and it made me see why the japanese are the way they are.   the reason why it's popular in america is because  the westerners, they like these japanese kung fu and samurai swords.  they're interested in things like that they don't have them over there. so i think, yeah, that's why they're like so into the samurai spirit over there.this picture.  it's a very nice day.  the children are playing outside. and this man's taking a jog. i guess he's trying to work out. and these two women are chatting on the street. and this woman was just walking her dog and, i guess, she met this woman who was just going to her car or something. and this man is out in his yard and he's reading a newspaper.o k. i live in  . do you know ?.yes. there're a lot more houses. i mean there's no open space .and i think the houses are  bigger than this.  they're a bit taller.yeah, i think. and  the roads are much  narrower. and from this picture, i think,  this looks like a neighborhood in america or somewhere in or somewhere. the roads are much wider and the houses are spaced wide apart, which means that they have more room in which to construct the house. japan, you don't have that kind of room.yes. i lived in  .yes..  i was glad that there was a lot of greenery around me.   and   i wasn't so much concerned about my neighborhood. it's just that my house seemed really small.     not bigger, the ceilings over there are much higher than the ones that are over here. and when i came back, i felt like i had grown or everything had shrunk.o k.o k. . all right.hello?  this is  speaking. unfortunately, i had a car accident on the way to your party.and i had lost a wheel on my car and i couldn't get it to move, so i had to call a mechanics to come and tow my car to the gas station. and by the time they had finished fixing my car, your party had ended.i'm not sure. i guess maybe it'll take about thirty minutes. but  this party had already started?it's just started?.   i guess i can show up in about twenty minutes.but it depends on how my car is working.yes. i called them and they towed my car to the gas station.and they're trying to fix it right now.yes,  i hope that i can go to your house in thirty minutesif that is possible.and i will do my best to go there as quickly as possible.all right..o k. . as soon as they fix my car, .and i don't see any bus stations around, i guess that's the only way i can go to the party..perhaps then i'll call a taxi or something or perhaps the gas station will call taxi for me and i can catch that... no problem. no. in japan,   like we don't hold parties  in our houses, to me because japanese houses are i mean, i don't know. even when i went to international school, my friends' houses were also small. we couldn't hold partiesinside our houses.probably yes. because i mean, you can't fit  people inside a small house.and everyone will be squashed. so  unless you know somebody who's really rich and has a big house,i don't think you can have a party in japan. but  that's kind of a bother, isn't it? i mean, at a house  the hostess or host could  just weave up something and just play a little music and it'll just be a nice home party. i mean going to a restaurant or like renting out a place would take money or take time as in planning.so i think  trouble going through them. we usually had dance parties at my friends' house.   my friend had this really big room. and we all used to go there and she played some music. and we order out for pizza and  she would have this cake always. and, you know, it was pretty much just dancing and eating.yeah.if i was a host?if i had to cancel a party?...yeah.what would i feel? i'd say  unexpected will happen and  i guess i would respect her, you know, i wouldn't be mad and then say "why aren't you coming to the party,  we had a plan especially for .". but i would just be understanding and say " i hope you come to the next one."...one day last week. .  one day last week,  this man was driving along in his car. and he was just minding his own business and he was listening to some music. and from the other way,  on coming lane, this man driving a motorcycle,  he was talking on the phone with his girlfriend, so he didn't exactly see what was going on around him. and this person's car and the motorcycle happened to crash.  and when they did crash, the man in the car broke the motorcycle's  tail light and      the man on the motorcycle's cellular phone bumped against the car and dropped onto the ground. and the owner of the motorcycle was really angry at the person in the car for breaking his tail light and breaking his cellular phone. however,  the man in the car insisted that  to man on the motorcycle was talking on his phone when the police came, and that he was perfectly innocent of  just crashing into him and causing an accident. and so   this accident became the man on the motorcycle's fault. and then  he just had to have his motorcycle towed away because  it was not fit to driving. no, not yet.no. no, never.yeah.  to the police that i was talking on my phone. i mean,  completely my fault. i mean,   i wouldn't make it this man's fault. i mean, i was talking on the phone in the first place. i wasn't watching around what was going. so yeah, i would be truthful. i think the transportation system is very . especially the trains and the buses. they come on time every single day.  i find it sort of strange because in , everything works twenty minutes late. i mean, we call it  time. everyone comes  about twenty to thirty minutes late. so it's quite surprising to see a transportation system that actually works.  what do you mean as in "adapt"?with other ?..yes.but it doesn't take much of adjusting.   i don't know, i try to be ten minutes early from time when i was supposed to meet somebody orwhen like my train is due so that i won't be twenty  every time i go to meet someone or i won't be late for my train or bus, i guess.. you're welcome..yes. i'm returning to my gym classand i'll be doing tennis .yes.o k. .thank you.