yes. my name is .yes.yes. i'm fine. and you?yes,  i was, but  last  wednesday, i had a test for exchange programme in my university. .  it  finished and now i'm not busy. so-so.yes, it's very difficult for me to write two essay and i had two  oral test.yes.yes.  i had a girlfriend, but we broke out, and i think i will celebrate christmas friends. i think we will go to one of my friend's house and    cook  ourselves and order some pizza, eat cake.yes. i think so.. i think we go to karaokeand billiard.and now we play card game.yes. i don't know it in english but   game  in japanese.yes.yes.   my friends  plays billiards very well.  he recommend me to play it.and  billiards was populara years ago. i don't know now situationin the .yes.   yes, i can very very concentrate  to   put ball. and, so i think it's very  because  we feel very stressed atmosphere. very much.yes.   here is very nice town,  weather is very fine.  there are  wide road in center.   there is   with grass.    three children  play,    and  i think  two women speak something. and cat sleep on the car.yes.   i belong to baseball clubin junior high school,high school. and  night,  i often go to jog now   i do jog in once in a week.yes. what not? i belong to baseball circle.but i don't go often.yes. i'm very busy to study.yes. o k.yes.  i want to buy new coat. the coat  is knee-length  black coat.  it has some kind of hood and   it has zipper. and i like slim silhouette one.yes, yes, yes.  so i don't wash coat in my house, so, yes, depend on you.yes. i'm student.  i don't have money.   so,  two hundred dollaror three hundred dollar.yes,  i think good, but a little expensive for me.yes. i decided..yes.  cash.thank you. in fact, i will go to shibuya, with my friend,  go to buy .yes.  there are many shops and i don't like customer.so, customer  approach mevery much.   i hate it, and i have   a few of favorite store, and  i go to buy my clothes often, and  i will go there..yes, yes, yes.yes. o k.  "hi, keiko. how do you do?". "yes, i'm fine.".   "do you have a plan  next  weekend?". " no, i don't have especially.". .  "let's go to park.".  , situation two. .  he prepare something, and  he will go to take her to her house. situation three. he and she go to park. he look  very fun. situation four, situation five. and  they saw many animal and very fun. and  their relation was become very good. and situation six.   they will  go to eating something by his car. it's finish..   yes, yes, yes.   but  we broke out, and     i   became liking  other girl.and,  we went to kyoto  to look at leaves  change colors  two weeks ago. and it was very fun.yes. yes.   it has many reason.   she sings very well, and she  become a professional singer.   she says if she sing a real song, for example,  touch people's hearts.  she enhance her ability,  mind,so she enhance her sensitivity.  if she becomes so,   she saw many  beautiful thing,  art, and enhance  sensitivity.,  we went to kyoto.  leaves turning color is very beautiful.yes, i think so. now, her singing   in  radio wave's programme'sopening song and ending song.   so i think she will become professional singer.and our distance become wide, wide, wide.,  i want to become archaeologist,  so i will study archaeology in u s, and  i want to go graduate school, and   graduate school is very hard to earn livings. and, i can't have a regular job  by    five years old, so our distance will become wide, wide, wide.. yes. yes.    tomorrow  i and my friends watch movie, and go to window-shopping. sunday, my family  will come to my home,  go to eating because  birthday is eleventh december.yes. .