my name is .yes, .  i'm fine, thank you. .i live in -.but the place is very close to -..-?- is full of green, and   around the  station, are many fine shops and .for example,  many  cake shop or     clothes shop. .yes.  very much.yeah.. i like both  western cakes and japanese  cakes .. usually, i eat it after dinner. but sometimes, in daytime, when i'm alone at home. .typical day? i'm housewife,so  usually,  in the evening, i do my  house  keeping works.and i have a dog, so i take my dog for a walk,  three times a day.and in the afternoon, i usually stay at home, if i don't have any special  schedule and i read newspapers or books .. every kind of article. yeah.for example,   politics and international affairs, social affairs...   i think there's no hope  japanese politics. .. so many old type politicians   have now the powers and  prevent  reform.describe. yes. . it's a picture  of a  restaurant. and there are three tables and at each tables,  two or three peoples are having dinner. . and at the center table,  maybe, a couple of wife  having a dinner and     hotel  waiter  is offering a bottle of wine.  and behind the table, there is a  upright piano and a lady is playing a piano. ..   i like japanese food or chinese food, so  i usually went to a chinese restaurant or japanese restaurant...  last time, maybe i went to ebisu,  i forgot the name, near the ebisu station.   the restaurant was in the very big building and tall building.  we could see the scenery.yes. . .o k.. this is ..   thank you for inviting me to a dinner party.. i have been really looking forward to join the party,but  i'm very sorry, i have to  go to my parents' house because,   last night, my mother called me that     she got a  bad kind of cold.  so she  wanted me to come.so i'm very sorry, but  i can't join your pary.. very sorry.    i asked my daughter to  go to your house  instead of me but my daughter is very busy for preparing   exam,  she said she can't. .. yeah,  she's very shy and   so,  i hope that i will join the party the next time. thank you... yes. .. recently,   my husband's friends invited us to trip to taiwan..  but  it was  from the june fifth to june seven. ,  so  if i join the trip, i had to come back to japan late last night. so  i decided not to join.yes. .  at first, he said  he would go  alone.but    he did not go there.. because   everyone comes with his wife.  if i went there, it would be a good prepartion for this exam,  most of them  speak english very . most of them are taiwanese  and american...  my husband  run the    company and they are business partners. .yeah..   it is  i or he?.    one day last week, a man was driving a car. and then,     another man riding on a bike  was approaching him from the opposite direction. and the man riding on a bike was  talking on the  cell phone to his  girlfriend.  so    he did not see the car.       suddenly,   the bike  hit the car and the  man on the bike,     his cell phone dropped on the road. and the  man on the bike   got very angry because his bike and his cell phone was broken.   . there, police man came and  asked the situation   and the man in the car said, "the   cell phone was not broken. it could be used.".    and at last,   the  man on a bike was  scolded by police man and he has to walk to home because his bike was broken and      he had to ask   engineer to repair the bike.yes. ...  so now in japan,  most people have mobile phone, so  it's necessary for us to have one,  whether we like it or not...yeah.  many poeple say the young people's manners is so bad but   i think, not only   young people,  the middle-aged or aged poeple's manner is not so good.   the  same manner.    they are  speaking on the phone at the crossroad  or in the car or in the train. . this ,   i will go to a flower shop to buy some flowers.   morning glory . yes. .. if i plant  the flowers in the planters and put them   in my balcony,       in summer,we will feel very   cold..