 .. .nice to meet you..  i'm fine, but  i'm little   sleepy.a little sleepy.so  i  went to bed   two or three a m today. and i   got up seven  o'clock.maybe, four or five hours sleep. just send e-mail and calling friends.and  that's all.i  live in  kugenuma-kaigan in fujisawa-in kanagawa.so,  do you know enoshima?my home  is near enoshima.  five minutes walk to beach.so i often go to beach and surf.a little bit. and scuba-diving.so i like marine sports.maybe, scuba-diving is  best for me.maybe,  it's like flying in the ocean like flying in the sky. so, maybe, you can swim from the bottom, maybe, ten or twenty meters above. .maybe, you can feel like flying.yeah.yeah.so  my father's friend  is a instructor of scuba-diving.so   he teach me very cheap price.  so i went to izu to for scuba-diving.   and i get the license for only four days.yes.yes. but, do you know skin-diving? skin-diving. just glass and snorkel and   face of swim. so i did in bali island in indonesia.yeah. but   the wave of bali is very high,  so  it's dangerousfor skin-diving. i like bali very much,   because  i like to surf. and bali has  very beautiful oceans and very kind people, so delicious food cheap accommodations. so i like ocean and cheap food.yes.yes.o k. so they have   dinner party. and this man is  waiter, and   he is about to pour wine or champagne or something.  so  this two people  is     congratulating their  first anniversary of their marriage today. and  they're going to eat very delicious food. and  she is playing very comfortable music.and this is  beijing-duck.peking-duck or beijing-duck.      but this restaurant is very expensive, and   they have many kinds of wines and whiskies, bourbon.     so  it's seven o'clock, so the most prospering time.how? .yes. .  maybe they have dinnerat restaurant, and, maybe they send presentfor each other.. maybe, earring or necklace, or ring, bracelet or something  for woman. maybe,  and, for man, the  present is, maybe, tie or suits or shoes.o k.  can you teach me how i get to new york   by train?and  i  would like to buy a ticket to   new york.. so,  how can i get to new york  as fast as i can?express train? so,  how much is that?o k. do you have   another train to new york?cheaper one, please.from now? to get on train?  so  how long from here to new york ?.  four hour?one hour wait and one hour on train? three hours on train? o k. so, o k, i'll buy it. and, how much is that?thirty dollars?o k. ..  do you have another way?so you have only one way to new york by train?so that make me wait     one hour wait?but it's sold out.how much is that?o k. i don't mind.yeah.o k. thank you.thank you.. thailand and canada and america.trip to canada?   i have been to canada twice.once is  two years ago, and i  went to vancouver and whistler near vancouver. so  i went there for snowboarding in whistler mountain. so that's just three days   to stay there. and twice is last year in summer, so i went to vancouver for studying english.and,  for one month, and i   stayed there in host family.and  i  went to e s l.english language something program. so   the school has many kinds of students from many countries, for example, korea, japan, china, brazil, switzerland, italy, venezuela, mexico, and so on.yes.o k. so   he wanted  to   go to zoo with her, maybe, girlfriend. and   he said, "let's go to zoo tomorrow.". so she answered, "yes, of course.  and,   how do we  go to zoo?". and he answered,  " by my car.".   and he said, " i'll pick you up    at your home. so, please wait there until tomorrowmorning. o k, good-bye.".and next??.  he drive his car, and he picked her up  in front of her home.and   they went to zoo entrance. and,  at first, they   watched lion. and, next, they watched monkey eating banana.   so,   in the evening,   they were out of zoo. and   they went back to their each homes.chatting.maybe, cell phone is  very convenient to communicate whenever you want. so,  if you don't have cell phone, so you might be or should be very inconvenient  in these days. and     cell phone is used for, for example,  reserving ticket  and send e-mail and accessing to internet.so  it is   necessary to our  life style.this? ?. so   i'm going to go to san diego in america.to study english again.and  from twenty-twoth july. it'sthis week's saturday. so  i'm going to there, and i'm going to come back here tenth september.seven weeks. so i have so host family again.and i'm going to   the language schoolfor english learners.yes.thank you.thank you.