my name is .yeah.i'm pretty fine, thank you. ?myself?i'm belonging to,   university, of course, and i'm belong to, how can i say, literature  i'm learning japanese literature in this university.    and also i'm belonging to announcement circle. and i will be, maybe, third year next year, so  now, i'm second year in this university.because now i have many reports about japanese literatures or some education classes because i wanna be a teacher,   so many homeworks i have now. and i think i can do all of that. so i said "maybe"..   i will be japanese teacher  and it's to foreigner or to japanese both way, i think  now, but  only my dream.yeah, that's a one way, but,   now  i don't want to be a announcer because now japanese announcer takes too mass media too much, and that is not good. so, i think  yeah,  i just don't want to be announcer.no.  from my house to come here, maybe, takes an hour.  i'm living in   in .yeah. i've lived there since i was born..yeah, of course. .o k.all right, the sun is shining, and the man is running  along the street. and the kids is playing with ball, it's a ball.  and two dogs say "hello" to each other.and the cat is sleeping over the car, and the car is white. and there're maybe three houses.   so, yeah, two women is talking,  maybe about today's dinner.and  one lady is taking dog to walk. and,  the bench  along the street, a man is sitting and watching newspaper.not similar, because   near my house, there're too many houses, not like this, and  every house can't have  back yard.this is clearly different.. when i was elementary school student, there're some, how can i say,   very big yard. but now,     there, supermarket  was builted when i was junior high school student. and also there're many   so cats which have no man who is taking care of.   but now there are no cats and no dogs, of course.  and at   garden  is, how can i say, becoming dirty.yeah..o k.o k.hello. this is  speaking.can i speak to ? hello. how are you?yeah, fine, thank you. and i want to invite you to movie.because i got the ticket from my mother. yes,  she bought two ticket but my father can't go because of his business.. so i want to go to the movie next sunday.do you have any plans?.o k. so,  this movie ticket  saying,   ten and one o'clock, and three o'clock and six o'clock. there are four time can watch movie. which do you prefer?three o'clock is better to you?o k. o k. and,   how can i choose the movie theater?because i'm living  city. and,    is good for you, or not?.eastern ? o k. , how about  or . is good? o k. so  the movie  will start at three o'clock, so,    maybe two o'clock is better?this movie is really good. so maybe it will be crowded, i guess.yes. so we have to go faster and has to get the seat.o k?o k? and,  right,  will you have a lunch with somebody?not? how about dinner? o k.   so    i want to eat dinner with you.is it o k?yeah. that's sounds good. o k. so, we will meet at   two o'clock.and watch movie by three o'clock.and after the movie,  we will eat dinner.good.yeah. i'm forward to looking to see you. o k. see you next sunday.bye-bye.yeah.my favorite movie is by mel gibson,      it's about scotland. do you know?"brave heart". yes.i got it. "brave heart". it's about the beginning of scotland, becuase    i think,   it was depends on england, . and after that,  it wanted to be instead. and there one hero who is working about that. and he was mel gibson. and i really love him, so my favorite movie is. yeah. i love mel gibson, so i like those movies. that's  the biggest reason about my movie. sounds good...o k... o k.   one day last week, i went to my station to go to the office.  and i went to my platform to tokyo, but there're too many people because  , how can i say, o k, i'm living in  chiba, so  tokyo is,  bigger than chiba, big city, so there are too many people who was to go to tokyo. you know, i always have     is that o k? brown attache case.  and it was very heavy so i always take in it, and i always  tired, of course. but,  yeah, on that day, there're too many people so one man,  how can i,  knocking my arm and,   yes, i dropped my attache case to the rail. i was really angry to that man, but  that man didn't know he attacked me. so i said to   the man who is working at the station and   he went down to the rail and take my attache case. i said "thank you", and he said " of course, you're welcome". and, so,  after that accident, i always take my attache case  in my arm,  because i don't want to never drop that. and i taked the train, of course with my attache case. thank you.i dropped my umbrella., it was the express train. and there're, of course, too many people. and i always have very heavy bag. you know, you can see that. and on that day, i take my bag with, and i also take my umbrella and another baggage.    and   when the train stopped one station, i has to take down because there're too many people,  and after that  i started take the train again, one old girl come to outside because  she wanted to get off but she couldn't. so she came,  and she attacked me, and i dropped all my baggages and my umbrella went to the rail.    but i was lucky because my umbrella was safed.yeah.today?   i has to eat my lunch. because of my circle. yeah.  and after that, i will take a chinese class. and after that, i will go to my part-time job.yeah. really busy..yeah. thank you. .