yes. my name is .nice to meet you, too.. i'm fine thank you.and you?yes.  i like  i like autumn the best.. because i don't need to  feel very very hot,very very cool.so  it's very comfortable. i go to kyoto to see the  temples. because  in kyoto, it is very hot in summerand very very cold in winter.so  to visit kyoto    in autumn is very good .yes.   i'm from  prefecture. i like templesand shrines..    in tokyo, there many many and  the most  difference is a  dialect.  i speak  dialect. so, in tokyo  for my friends,it sounds very  strict.  sometimes  you are very  strong.    your wordssounds very  strict.  for the first time i felt very embarrassing to speak in tokyo dialect. because  when i was in  prefecture  i hear the tokyo dialect on a t vor radio.so   for me to speak tokyo dialect  it was very ...o k.  there is  a couple,and   maybe they are  coming to the french restaurant to celebrate their  memorial day.and now   this man  is tasting a wine to drink with their girlfriends.and   he is  smiling, so he likes this wine. and  there are another two couples behind them.and    all of them are enjoying their dinner   and a woman is playing a piano behind them.  so, their b g m is very good for them. and  there is a big clock  which shows seven o'clock.so  the time is very good for them to have dinner in good atmosphere. i like cooking but  now i live in tokyo by myself, so   in my  room i need to have dinner or  breakfast  by myself,so    sometimes i feel .so, i like  go out..    one week ago  i met a friend  from  prefecture..   she went to tokyo to sightseeing.and so  i went out  with her. so   she was a member of my high school.so  we talk about my high school life. it was very  interesting..  in tokyo, there are many shops,and so,  we can buy many clothes or shoes  . in osaka, there are shops but  some shops are in only tokyo. so,  it is a difference ..o k.o k. .  this is .  i want to  go to theater to see the "a i".do you know the movie? it is  featuring,  i don't know his name, but small boy  and directed by  steven spielberg.. so  are you a free tomorrow?o k. so   when are you free?on saturday. o k. so  i have the appointment  saturday, so  can i meet you at  six o'clock?.so, let meet in shibuya .o k.o k. o k. so  how about  shinjuku station?? so  let's meet in shinjuku station at saturday on six o'clock.o k.   do you know the  studio alta?? so, the south entrance.south entrance. . so   please wait  at south entrance and i will call you. so  let's meet ..pastime.  i like  watching a movie  so sometimes i rent a videoin rental shop.so  now i want to see the movie "".do you know? the movie   is directed by  hayao miyazaki.. it's animation movie, i like  the director.so, i want to see the movie.one day last week,  a boys and girls  were walking  and the boy hear the sounds.  some kind of  from cat and  they found  a cat.  and the girl  said him that     let's bring this cat to our home. but  the boy avoid  to do that because  he didn't like  a cat. but the girl asked him to do that strongly,so    the boy  let her to   bring  the cat to their home.and  at last  they went homewith a cat..no. i have the allergy to the animals. so,  i could not decide..yes   especially for me   i live by myself, so  if i had  cat or dogs,  it might be very  lovely.    i have the  problem to the skin, or the i have cough. so   i never have  cat or dogs.yes. . yes,   i like to go to the  niigata prefecture to get the driver license.yes. it's a  program to especially for student  to use the summer holiday. i will  stay there for about two weeks.yes.yes. yes, only two weeks. i will get a driver license. i will go to with my friends,in  university.thank you very much.thank you.