good morning.yes. my name is ..yeah, it's o k. i am very fine..yes.yeah. recently,  my job is  getting very tough, so  i spending almost all day  and very busy... yes. . recently,  in i have many projects.yeah, for  .and, yeah,  i have  two big projects. and they are  one big , yeah, launch    i have to deal with many things   double.yeah.so   also, yeah, recently,  i am thinking to  kick off new project,for reality, i mean  currently i have two main projects which i have to handle.therefore,  yeah,  comparing to the previous year or  two years ago, yes,  my job is getting tougher and tougher. .. yeah, it's very exciting.yeah,  i love it.yeah.but sometimes i feel  if i could have more  free time,   i can enjoy my personal life more, but it's o k.yeah.my hobby? my hobby is  say,  music. both listening and singing, everything, yeah.how about you? singing? yes. . actually,  i like  singing, yeah, karaoke.yeah. it's very  enjoyable for me.and  also  it's very good for releasing my stress.yeah, i really like it.yeah.  honestly speaking,   i think i can sing everything.  not so special.. but   pops and some  rhythm and blues, .. as i told,   recently my  life is getting tougher and  less  free time,so the frequency for singing is  not so high  recently, but  let's say,  every two weeks or three weeks or something like that..  my colleagues.yeah.  in my team. and other people who had a category, other division..yeah.. yes. .  it seems  in  some bed town  not in the  big city in shibuya or shinjuku. it's kind of    is a, yes, bed town.maybe very fine day.yeah? . then,  in the morning, maybe. yeah, because the someone is running.yeah. so here is the   house. .  she is living  in this home. o k. and  maybe she or  the boys here is their children living in this home.   also this car  is  by maybe someone  in this home. here is big road, but not so crowded.  maybe  it looks very comfortable to live.. i like.. . actually,  i was born in  and  honestly speaking, the situation is not similar.yeah.   my  home is in a  big city,so  it is pretty different..living place?   my home is in a  , a northern part of .and it's little bit  so crowded. there's many people live, and   maybe  some apartment buildings,and  some  house.so   it's very  convenient city, yeah, because i  city there    for shopping and for enjoying but  the situation is different from this type of  situation. ..yes. yes..o k..o k. . yes.  honestly speaking, i have to say something to you.  i am  happy  to be invited  to the dinner party, but unfortunately, i cannot join this time.i'm very sorry, i  apologize. . . yes.but     i have very important  the meeting on that day at the time,so i cannot cancel it.therefore,  if possible, i'd like to have it in  different day.is it possible for you?. yes,  think.  but  maybe i can join you  after nine o'clock or so. maybe my meeting will be finished   eight-thirty or . . is it o k?so that  you told me that this party is for me.  and  i have to apologize, i cannot be in the party form the beginning of the party.so  anyway,   i can join you  around nine o'clock. if you are happy..  yes, yes, yes, yes. so i will try to have something to eat.. you're welcome.   .but not party for me.but some  the party for division or some party for the  category group.. sometimes i had to be join later.yeah.    near the time the closing .   yes,    one time,  a  very similar situation i had to  a special meeting  i had to join. . .before the meeting, i thought i can join  maybe thirty minutes later or so, but it lasted longer    the meeting will be finish within one hour or so, but  actually it took more than two hours, unfortunately. therefore,   when i joined the party, it's almost closing time, but   my  colleague told me we'll have second party. yeah?good. so   i could  enjoy the next party.. that's  .yeah.yeah.yes..one day last week,  this situation happened last week?o k.  the boy and girl   were walking in the street.  rainy day. and the boy  heard the  some voice from somewhere and  maybe  she was asking, "hey, what's that?".so after that,  they found the  maybe small cat     was left in the small box. and maybe  this  small cat was suffering from  getting  wet. so the  after they found it,    they  came up to the  cat, so maybe she is offering and, "she is very cute, so that how about  having this cat for  our home?".  . but  he was refusing. yeah. maybe that " my home is an apartment so that  any pet is  prohibited  to have.".   maybe the she didn't accept what he said. o k.  so  finally,  he accepted her offer, so that they took the box  the cat in and take  cat to the home.is that clear?no, actually no..  surely the my home is   small apartment, and    i cannot  have pet in my home.. actually, i live alone, so that   as i told you that  i have less time to  the personal life.so  i spend most of the day within the office,  it's really difficult to have pet. maybe i cannot take care of the pet. really?.this weekend? yes, . the other day, i received a   direct mail from the  clothing shop,which i used to use. and  they are offering the very good discount  for some business suits or something like that. so  i am thinking to visit there and  maybe, if possible, i may buy something.  so recently, the weather is getting better.yeah. getting warmer.so it's nice to go out..