 my name is . o k. today is i feel bad  because i have a pollen allergy, so today's weather is very  well. so too many pollens    fly to in my house..in this season,   my ability is .. . usually,  in march,  i don't think anything. so    i have a    motivation about my business. motivations means that my life is in progress.. if i don't think  anything,  i don't hate to . . recently,  my job is  too many  problems,  so  there are many confusion and complaint of the other .enjoy yourself. .   current my job is the most important of , and if this project is failed,  we will be damaged  by .so i must  work hardly  more and more.  however,  this project is continuing  before a year. so i .  my free times   i almost sleep,in my house.it's a most important  for me.... describe for me.   there are nice couple in french or italian restaurant.   they were   celebrating      their anything aims. and they starts to drink  expensive wines.. in addition,   some  mood music was hearing  in this restaurant.and   i'm interesting to eat something  for me. . i want to eat  french foods in those restaurants. . if possible,    i'd like to   eat with  this girls... favorite restaurant. .  is chinese restaurant.. for example,   in yokohama   china town,    shisen food is very hot and spicy foods. . i rarely  go to  .often go. . chinese restaurant  that i usually go   is in yokohama china town. .  yokohama china town has  too many chinese restaurants.  chinese foods has  four part of foods. . one part of  shisen food is the west of china.and west of china  has a  hot and cold weather, so   its foods  has a particular  spicy and  very hot...winter. and i think that the very spicy food is  similar to  hot summer...... i'm finding  some bag.  i want to buy  bag for two or three days  travel.  in addition,  i bring up bag  for computer notebook.so did you have any recommend bag?  .  i want to  bag to     inside  of airplane's. .   i don't know the restrictions of baggage size.so what size  is adapted to airplane?.. i see. . is there the difference color of this bag?. what colors do you have?gray. .  i'd like to buy the gray one.. sorry. .   how much is this one?six thousand yen. . i see.   i buy it... thanks.. cash, please... thanks. i don't go to shopping,.   i buy    something by internet shopping.. internet shopping is very useful for me  because  i don't have anytime to go to shopping.so in midnight, i can buy something..recently.    i bought computer parts.. that's  c d  player. .... she opened the door of refrigerator,  but  she found that  there is no foods in refrigerator. . number two.  so she went to  buy  some foods  to supermarket  by car. . . her car   was green and small  car. . and  she picked up  something  to  shopping cart. and   she was founding  some foods. .  after that,  she paid    foods or some cans' fee in register.and   she     put them to car trunks. .  and      she prepared to cook food. so she made   egg foods and   some soups....    i have to study  more and more.  usually,  i studied  s s t lesson  for  only one hour... thanks so much.