my name is .o k.i'm so-so. and you? . yesterday i worked at hotel  because  i am part job, so i am .  i worked at    wedding.    i carried  full course      it is  difficult  to  remember how to carry,  so .    i watch on t v or movie or reading.  . last week   i saw "dancer in the dark". .  it was pity  because   main actor   died last scene, so  i cried.  i like better movie.because  screen is big, so    i feel  the actor's feeling.. there are one girl and one dog, one cat in the room. .     she is showing  to cat the computer. and she is good at using computer, and   the cat is on the bed, and   it is sleeping. .  bed is   comfortable,  and       she loves    to listening to the  music because  there are c d player in the room.  and    she can use typewriter.  . typewriter is next to the computer.   the dog is on the floor,   which is sleeping, too.  i beg your pardon?.  not the same.  i don't have desk. my room is one the table,   and i don't have big c d player. i have small c d player. and   there is not  a dog and a cat in the room because  in my apartment  don't have cat or dog.    i want to go new york,  and  i want to go    how to get by train?. so   i want to   go  faster.o k.  .  how much  is it the ticket?o k. .  how now  do i go to new york?o k.   . i can get the ticket.thank you. .  i have    one hundred dollars.thank you.yes, i  have.. when i was in the second grade in the high school,   i went to korea.  korea trip  was   the second grade student   go to.o k.  one day last week,  she went to go department.  . she want to    buy to get   her father's present. .  she choose the one of necktie.  and  then,  she decided to buy the necktie, and    she paid the money.  and  she  found the final sale.  she wanted to watch the shoes,  and    she went to  clothes floor. she watched the  final sale of clothing. and  she choose the clothes. then, she bought the clothes   she was  satisfied with  buying.   i choose my friend's is favorite things.and i  imagine     what she like.  i have   sorry,   forth class.. so  i don't have third class, so  i will go to library, and i study  english.thank you very much.