good afternoon.my name is .yes. i live in  city in . in  station. ? no,  i just moved about  one year ago. in  city.  i like   because it's  so convenient. cooking and watching movies.  i like  old movieslike audrey hepburn   yeah, i like old movies.  because it's  too fast for me like  these days, the conversation and speed of the movie. .  no.  i don't see so much. no, but   i don't know why. but  i don't watch,  just on t v. i play golf.  i just started  just two or three months ago.. so  i have never been to play in the course.   the practice place,  just .yes,  near the sea , . on weekend. so  one time a week.yes.yes. i have one older brother and younger brother.many people enjoy the snow, and  some people skiing. and children are  enjoying with snowballs. and  it seems so cold.  more?.no. .  because i don't like the cold climate. .  i'm not so interested in the winter sports.and i prefer the summer and hot.  i like      marine sports, kind of  small yacht. and two people on small yacht, and  move just with the wind. that's called dinghy.. so i rent,  and i practice.how much?i'm sorry?. the dinghy. but   that's not  too much expensive because  no motor.  it's simple, i think. but too expensive for me to buy.   i think   bigger one is called yacht, and dinghy is  for two person.very small.yes.yes, i like.yes.yes.  i want to go to new york  as fast as possible. so where can i buy the ticket?here? so i want oneto  new york, and one-way ticket.how much is it?yes. o k. i'll take it.yes, thank you.you, too.no, but i really want to go.   i have been to los angels.. very exciting, and people are fashionable, especially in beverly hills. and very gorgeous. i want to go, but  no chance.yes.  i've been to hawaii and europe, like italy, france, germany.and i like asian  countries like thailand and vietnam. i have never counted. .yeah,   no,  ten times.yes.   i like hawaii because    summer sports. i have been there five times.yes.   i was high school student.with my family.hawaii.yes. i passed the examination, and my father told me congratulation. .i like it very much.       hawaii is special for me.  if i go to one country, and  i think next time, i went to another country. but   hawaii, i want to go many times. yes, but just one time. . one day last week, i met with my uncle   for long absence.  and my uncle took me to the nice restaurant.  we had so many kind of foods,  western food and japanese food. and i really like it. and he seems to be very well. and we had very good time, and i said him bye-bye. eating outside is a lot of fun,  not just  the food,  i feel the atmosphere of the restaurant. .  i like eating outside, but  usually, i want to eat inside the house. .  i like cooking so  i think  how to make it, and i try at home.where?i've never learned from other people.  ,  no. successful meal.  i like italian food...  i like tomato.   italian food is not too heavy and not too light,    very different kind of taste. i think japanese food is like  and .. sometimes. thank you. i'm going   this summerto hawaii again.because my friend's  getting marry.yes.yes.  about one week.thank you .thank you very much.