hello.my name is .yes, please.  pretty good, thank you.typical tuesday?  tuesday is the toughest day for me because  i have lots of hard classes.for example, i  have a morning class from nine o'clock. and  i have  two of the toughest classes    in a week in this tuesday morning.  and  i have classes from nine o'clock and to fifth periods. so  it takes   until before six o'clock.so  tuesday is the hardest day for me. . my favorite classes. . i like learning language.  it's so difficult, but i like french class.i've just started learning french from this april. and it's so difficult, but  i like it...  actually i lived in the netherlands when i was  child.and  netherlands is  near france. so every vacation  i went to france with my family. and i really loved the country.yes. so i decided to learn french when i was little. and then i could start   from this april.  usually i go back home, and have a supper with my family. but on tuesday, i go to my ballet lesson. .. and on friday, i go to  my part time job. yes. but it's the usual schedule . . ,    actually i'm not a good dancer because i just started it   from january this year. yes.  but  i really wanted to take lessons of ballet from i was little child. but  i don't know, but my parents didn't allow me to take lessons of ballet.i don't know why. but after i could get the    entrance permission to waseda university,  i could  start to go to the class.yes. and   it's class for adults. so yes, it's not too hard.but it's really fun. .  i don't know, but    when i'm doing balletwhat do i feel? .i feel   i don't know, very openly.. and  it is refreshing time for me.yes.o k. this is a  class room. and the teacher is a woman. she is teaching maybe math. and  there is some students, boys and girls. and . no.  i can see only  one. only one boy are  working hard in front of the teacher. but the other students is not doing good in the classroom. for example, a girl is writing e-mail with her cell phone. and  the other  two girls are  yes,  chatting. and  another men is just  having bubble gum in  his mouth. and the other boy is listening to the music and drinking. he is drinking the juice or something. and yes. that's all.  i think it's completely  different. i was in the girls' school, and the regulation was very severe. and  we knew that we have to work hard   for the preparation of entrance exams for the university. so   yeah, we did work hard during the class, i think.yes. .. i think it's much similar to  this kind of classroom. actually i had a class  before  i came to  this building.  there are   a lot of students. and  this professor is  the only one person who are talking. and actually  i was like . usually every week,  i try to work hard during the  class. but today that class, i found my closed friend in the classroom. so i chat with her.. it's not good.yes.o k. o k. i bought   this one. but  when i came back home, and i opened the bag  actually i didn't  like it.so    i'd like to change this one to the other one.. but  or  can i get this back, and  can you back the money for me?. but    i can find   the goods which is  same price with this. so    there's some  problem of exchanging?.... exchange or refund?. yes.   you know,  i bought this  suit for the present for my father.  so i don't want him to be disappointed this time. so i  really want to  buy something which really please him.so i think this one is not suitable for this occasion. .i think  that one is much better for me. and  it's a same price. so   can i make it?..thank you....  no.no, i don't, . i think, yes, when i have a experience when i bought something and go back,  but i didn't like the stuff which i bought. but   i gave up changing or something because it was the thing which i decided to buy at the store. so i gave up.o k. .    it's difficult. one day last week, the man was driving his car.  and  he could see   the man coming    on the bike. and he was talking  with the cell phone. and he was talking with her girlfriend. and when they passed by,    they crashed. and     the man on the bike throw his cell phone . and  his bike and his cell phone was broken. and they were started to argue each other. and then the policeman came. and  they start to explain their .  the guy  on the bike was  angry because  his bike  is broken. but the man  who was on the car was insisted that   it was because of the guy on the bike because     he was the man who was  talking with cell phone when he riding a bike. then    the trucking and the bike was  carried away.    when it is not too big accident,  we gonna talk  each other. and we will exchange our address or telephone number or something. but    you know,  yeah,  when it was a   big accident,  yes, we call the police.o k...  i won't because i don't have a you know, sports class.so we have  no usual class on that day.so i'm going to go to the driving school... yes...