yes.  my name is .yes   i feel tired. because  i came to tokyo last night from hiroshima by bullet train.  but i couldn't make  a reservation.    so   i had to stand in it.     i think  that's why so crowded. . maybe  if  ordinary business  person's    took a holiday last friday, maybe  they could get four holidays. so  maybe   they went to some  playspots.on the train?.   it depend on my mood.   if i want to sleep is of course   i get sleep. .  without sleeping,   i usually reads  english textbook or  newspaper and so on.     compared with  flight,      i usually like  bullet train.  last bad experience..    if i take  bullet train next time,  in advance, i try to check  which is better,   flying or bullet train.yes..different points are  time.. time and cost and  last one is comfortable.  compared with flying,   it is comfortable for me to take a bullet train. and  cost is almost same. but a little bit    flying is  cheaper than  bullet train.  but it's  main difference point is  if i take a bullet train  i don't needs to  transfer    i can take   tokyo station  from hiroshima station directly. but     flying is   to have to  transfer,  for example,  bus, monorail, of course, flights. so, i prefer  bullet train. basically...  i usually go english conversation school. or    almost sleep.   i always  sleep because on weekday, i have to work   by  midnight. so  i usually sleep or studying english..yes.  this is a picture of  .     this is a  picture of ski resorts. and there are  a lot of people   on the slope. .  and   on the top of the slope,   there is a cottage. and around the cottage,  there are lot of   . .  snowman.  and center of the ,  some people are skiing. and  some people are     fall down and try to  standing up. and  on the left- hand side,  there are four children      on the slope. .    they are playing  snowball. and  on the right-hand side,   there is a  lift. and  in the background,  i can see the  another mountain.   maybe  i imagine that    this is typical japanese  snow resort..yes. yes.    in my school days,     i used to   go skiing like that. and go travelling  overseas. .  i have been to a lot of country.  especially     asain country.   i had a  impression   about my travelling.   it was a when   i went to  egypt,     some egyptian guide try to cheat me. but i     i found what he  wanted to take.  of course money.  so i   to the tourist police in egypt.     i explained about the bad situation. so  he helped me.  and  some  egyptian newspaper writers    came to the  tourist police and asked   me in english. and  the next morning,  there was a article about  japanese student trouble.. but   i can't read  arabic. so   i don't know exactly    what the newspaper said.yes.yes..yes.yes. . yes.   i purchased this briefcase  from you the other day.  but  already  the zipper has broken.    is it possible  to get my money? because  my complain comes from my  confidence. . before  i bought  this briefcase, i checked everything. . but this briefcase is  samsonite's.      samsonites   gives me good guarantee. so i trust samsonite and your shop. . . so   do you offer another  opportunity?. i don't know why. i don't know... really?  it's my blame?  you want to say my blame?o k.   if i want to      can you  repair this zipper? of course,    i want to pay for repairments. is it o k?how much does it cost?. yes. o k.     how long does it take?a week.  it's o k. .   should i pay now?. here you are.yes. thank you. no.  no. but   in different case, i bought   a lot of hamburger   before christmas party.   there were a lot of people   in christmas party. so  for staff member i bought  some     hamburger.   but after buying hamburger     i found   complete order.  no,   i found  not complete order. so  i went back to the  hamburger shop. i  complained about that. so      the shop owner  offered another   more hamburger     replace of refunding..... . in my opinion,  it's depend on my  buying mode.     if really want to buy  something,  i can't see anything " it's this. i want to buy here.". . so  i think  my buying style is depends on  my buying mode..yes.yes. . . one day last week,    ken and ken's boss,    he is name is  mister tanaka. . they went to the   italian restaurant. .   they ordered  a set of menu. . and after,    they enjoyed    having dinner. and       they talked about    a lot of business things. and   after   having dinner,  mister tanaka paid the costs. .   it's means  he treated ken.   and  after  they went out the  restaurant,    they went to  home. . maybe,     ken felt good because  he didn't have to pay by himself.yes. .. after this interview, i will have to go  personnel department office to meet  my personnel department director   who is  mister . i don't know why he  will call me...