my name is ..nice to see you.good.  how are you doing?. you mean in japan?i'm living in a dormitory of , which is located at   city,. my hometown, you mean? my family is living in .  city..i prefer living in  because you know, there are many greens and you know, fresh air.actually, i don't like to breathe in this big city..'cause it's too busy for me, to you know, enjoy the life here. so i prefer living in  you know  like mountain,something like that.yeah.? i have a lot because  i was born in  and i spent like sixteen or seventeen years in , just you know, until i'm going to the university in . so i have a lot. but i think  when i was a high school student, after school, i always went to mountain to skilike everydayin the winter.that's the best memories..yeah. i'm going back to . to see my friendand to see my parents. because  i've just come back from you know, europe so     i've not met my parents for a long time, so, i want to see you know,  my friend there. do you know  in ?it was like ., you know. no.  i was just living by myself in an apartment.?. yeah, i think  people in  like to you know, drink specially guinness beer. do you know guinness beer? yeah. and almost everyday,  after working, i went to a pub,to drink with my colleagues.yes. just drinking and you know, the weather was not so nice. so i think i have nothing, i mean without ,after work. you know. o k.. o k. it's like  good restaurant and  two people are sitting on the table.   they look like a husband and a wife and they are  ordering wine or sparkling wine. and     somebody is playing the piano. and  there are three tables here  and every  customers look like a husband and a wife. and this restaurant looks you know, nice and good. . . .it's seven o'clock. .no  that's not, you know, like this.busier and, you know, nosier, and you know, it's like good restaurant, you know. i went to   you know, cheap pub.every beer costs like    no, three euro or so, it's cheaper than drinking beer in japan.japanese?japanese bars  look beautiful and look gorgeous and look nice. and irish pub, there are many people and, you know,  and almost   all the people in the irish pub are standingnot sitting  on the chair because they have to order you know, the next beerand the next beer. and they are very friendly and you know, talk to you. .so,   i like the irish pub better than you know, the bar in japan.o k.o k. looks tough. ..o k. . my name is . i asked you to   the package tour.and i joined the  the travel tour.and your company told me that    we can have a    for dinner  in tokyo.but i couldn't. they served me just like you know,  or something like that.and i was very disappointed.and   no i mean, i asked the  tour guide in your companyto replace my  .but   i mean he said     i couldn't eat  because it's not my option..yeah.i think so.but i actually couldn't eat  and i you know, had to eat you know, very stinky onigiri.so  what can you do ?i think you have to compensate some money for that.  you know,  i think i paid   ten thousand yen for that. but, you know,  i  expected a lot about, you know, eating . so i think you should refund... o k.  can you please phone to your boss?.o k.yeah. i went to parisfrom ireland by ryan air. do you know ryan air?it's an irish budget airline.so  you know, it costs,  i think fifty euro  from dublin to paris.so,  it's cheap.nothing.. i have to pay money for you know, coffee or order so. paris was good.  but  yeah, it was the first time for me to go to paris and i didn't know about anything about paris because i just decided to go there two days the travel so, you know,  i didn't have  have any friends  in paris, so i just, you know, walk around and see around. the street was very beautiful  and i went to a couple of museums in paris and you know, there were  a lot of, you know, paintings and,. it's very . o k... o k..o k. one day last week, i was driving a car by myself and i found a motor bike coming to my car and he is talking with a cell phone   and  his cell phone  i mean  my car scratched the motor bike and he dropped his cell phone. and he claimed me that  it's my  failure that his cell phone was broken. and so,  i called police and to come there and i explained about that  and his motor bike went to repair.. no. fortunately not.yes.  i used to drive when i was a university student.in ..it was very  busy and crowded, especially you know, four o'clock  afternoon or something.  but  i always  i mean drove at you know, midnight oryou know, after midnight, like  early in the morning. so, i liked to drive in  because you know,  if i were in tokyo, i can use, you know, many traffic, like  transportation like subway or bus or you know, j r. but in osaka,   you know,    i mean, there are not as much as transportations like tokyo. so, it was very convenient for me to have a car. you know, i liked to play mah-jongg,with my friend andyou know,  always     we get playing mah-jongg until one o'clock or two o'clock in the morning, so   i couldn't go home without a car.  so, midnight.i didn't drink.. .i   just working here until you know, midnight or something and went back to home and you know, just sleep,and  you know, come to office in the morning so  actually i . yeah..when i was in europe and  i was working there,  i finished working like five or six and went to the bar. half my time, but you know, here, nothing.i'm just dreaming, you know,to go abroad, .yep.yeah.o k.tonight? no. i have to take the traingo back to  .eight o'clock. eight o'clock azusa,  or something.i'm gonna sleep ...