good morning.my name is .yes.fine, thank. and you? i come from  ward. south part of  city.yes.  i live with my family..   i live with my mother, my husband, and my three children.they are  all boys.elder one is seventeen years old.and fourteen years old and  youngest one is ten years old.. in a sense, they are good boy.but    they sometimes don't obey  what i say.they argue back  against me..  i always  get angry what they  did.  but recently, i found that     i must be patient. so i try not  to scold them. very much.. yes. i like sports. . especially,    i like   and volleyball.   about tennis,   it is difficult for me  to  the tennis .so       i usually go to the place  near the  river. there is a special space for   any kind of sport. . and  i play volleyball    two or three times a week.i join a volleyball club..      the reason i start playing volleyball is  i just wanted to make exercise. not to get fat. but   the longer i play volleyball,  the more i found that  i could make a good friend. .. . about eight years..yeah.yes.... yes. it is a sunny day. . children are playing around.  dogs are     barking.  boys are playing volleyball and a girl is playing alone   by jumping. and a man is jogging. . an older man is sitting on a bench reading a newspaper.  cat is sleeping on the roof of the car. two women are chatting  one of which are   taking a dog with her.   . i can see    a big house compared  to one in japan. and  the house is no  wall.  so  it seems very open for  .     a man who is jogging seems to be tired. he is very  sweating. yes.yes.. .  the big difference between  the scene of this picture and the scene  around mine is   there is a space between houses. and   about house,  as i said before, there is .  so  no wall and  and very  open.  and there is no  cars illegally parking along the street,  but there are many illegally parking cars near my house.  . .  and in this picture, there is no tall buildings, but there are many tall buildings near my house.  . about the traffic jam,   this street  is not so  crowded, but ours are very crowded with cars. also  many people are going  around   near my house.  . .   near my house, there is no  grass field  like this picture.  i would like to do, if possible. .thank you very much. i'm ready..yes. i want to return  shoes to you.because  the size of shoes is not fit to me. i know it is difficult for you  to be  accepting my offer,   i want to replace  with another one.  return.  i just want to replace. no.no.   as soon as i brought to my house,  i unpacked the box. i found that i  a wrong size.so  i  didn't try to put on it..  i thought i did.but  i overlooked. o k. i'll wait.thank you very much.yes. i . yes.. o k.  when i went to australia, i went to  vuitton shop.and i    tried to buy a  boston bag.but  unfortunately, the shop  was out of stock. they  telephoned another shop  to bring a bag for me. and they asked me to  come to  the shop again at noon..  i actually heard they said at noon. i went  there on time.but  my bag wasn't  arrived yet. i said "why?". they said  "you would come to at  one. so you must be  misunderstood.". "" i said "  you said."..  and  finally, the shop manager  told me that she  would bring the bag  to my hotel.. so   i accepted her offer and i went back to my hotel.and  i waited for her arrival.yes. they give  a present. .they give me a small pouch  for the apology. i feel i was lucky, because i got  another bag. thank you very much.... .o k. i have to make a story in order,number?.  one day, i hurried  to go to my friend by car.  as  i went out  delay,  i had to hurry to my  friend's house. . someone who is  riding a bicycle   also    he was  hurrying.  furthermore, while he was driving, he talked with his  friend over the phone. . . unfortunately,  i collided  with the man who is on a bike. and    he fell his  cellular phone.    the man got very angry.  and he  said to me "   where are you looking while  you were driving? .   you broke  my motorbike and, furthermore, my cellular phone.".    i had to call for the police.  . finally  police came to  the accident place. and   he questioned  to both of us.  "   why you doing while driving?". . . i apologized the policeman that   i hurried, so i maybe   overdrove.  . but the bad guy  didn't show his apology at all. he said     it was my fault.  but policeman said that   the accident was occurred with both  fault. . so we were   to go to the police station with him. . . . . . but   we tried to go to the police office. but unfortunately, the motorbike was out of  control because of the accident.  so the guy called  his friend  to bring  his motor bike to   repairing factory. so  i  took the guy  with my car to the police station.  i .. they are very  rude.. if i drive a car according to the speed regulation, i try to have  some space between cars. but  someone suddenly  go between the space.  sometimes i feel very dangerous.yes.   safe. i eat out with my friend.. maybe in ... much.