good afternoon.my name is .yes.nice to meet .fine.. my teacher wouldn't let me get out of the class... today,  club practice. soccer. i thought it was cool. and i wanted to be active.and that's it.    when i was little,  i wanted to play soccer, but i didn't really have the courage to like actually join a club.so i've just been like watching. never got a chance to.. it's really fun and harsh.  like there's lots of running and  it's hard to get better.  . you need lots of practice.yeah.i have  one next sunday . i like to go on the computer and e-mail my friends in america.i used to live there,  seven years.yeah.. yeah. they look pretty now .and  they're not that different from when i was little.inside.  i've been like using the internet and the computer since i was really littleat school. yes.  school. .yeah.yeah. i have one younger brother and one older sister. and my mother and father.no pets. she's a high schooler right now.yes. he's in middle school. i don't really spend time with my brother.  because he's always with his friends.and  i'm usually with my sister.and we talk about . at our  high school.   the teacher is trying to have class, but the students aren't listening and talking with their friends. and one person is trying to study, but it's too noisy so he can't really concentrate. i think it's a good idea because then   when you are little, you can learn like faster and better, .and trying to do like  keyboarding,i think it's important when you're an adult..  and using the internet is really useful in studying things. so i think it's good like .. i didn't go to japanese elementary school that much.? ?  probably  i don't . i think  maybe american schools are more free and like  more games.and  japanese schools are little strict. o k.hi, this is . and i wanted to talk to you about the dinner party.and i'm really sorry but   i can't go because   something came up and i can't miss it. and  i'm really sorry but if there's another chance to go, then i would definitely want to go, .why? i really want to go, but   it's very important  to me. and  the party's important, too, but i can't. . maybe you can invite another friend to go for me.  i'm really sorry but i can't go..      that's really nice of you, but       i'm ..yes..o k. ..  i've been to lots of birthday parties. friends' parties. friends' party. in america.   when i was little,   there was this one place called discovery zone. and   there's lots of things to do. and lots of kids  there. it's hard to explain. just like  big tubes. and you like crawl through them and then there's lots of like ways to go.and then there's like   a room with balls with this lots of plastic balls.and then jump in there or chase your friends  .it's really fun.   sort a small place. i believe because  we can go anywhere by car or you can, but japanese like to walk and use the train. and little kids are kind of  it's kind of dangerous to that .  o k. one day last week, two girls planned to go camping  in the mountains. they packed their stuff in their car and went out. and when they got there,   they built a tent and built a fire  and started to cook. but when  they were doing that, it started to rain. and all of their things got blown away. so they rushed into their car  and drove until they found a nice hotel.  and ended up in the hotel drinking coffee and looking at the mountains from there. i went to summer camp,  camping.    sometimes we went fishing. and got twigs from the woods. and then  tied strings on them and put sausage on the hook. and fish there. and  when we got the fish, we like put it back into the river.and we roasted marshmallow sometimes.and  we made lots of .   cards and stuff.   i like nature a lot. i like animals and flowers and stuff.     and it made me like  become interested in like saving the forests and stuff.i like to like   give money to charityon saving endangered species.i don't know if that's from the summer camp. .sometimes  donations .yes. four o'clock...there's lots of people in there like, there's  about twenty first graders and ten second graders in it.. ..