yeah.  my name is .yes.nice to meet you.i'm good except  i have a cold today somy voice is  . .i'm o k. yes.i'm in the  the first year. yeah.it's pretty good.   i like how there is a lot of returnee students that i can relate with.  so people that have come from abroad with like the same background as i so it's pretty easy to relate with them. now.yeah. i've been in the united states and canada.yeah.     i don't know,  in japan, i feel like i'm always busy like i'm constantly busy because  i'm also  in the cheerleading club. and that takes up a lot of my time.and also  it takes a lot of time just  from the transportationbecause i live kind of far from the school so i feel like i have no time.  i've always been interested in dancing and  even when i lived in canada and in the united states, i was in dance. and that's why   like from when i was little i've always wanted to see how it felt to be like   a cheerleader. so that's why i joined this club. in this school, we don't really cheer for any sports teams. basically, kind of weird, but we cheer for ourselves because we go to competitions and stuff. and we don't really cheer for the sports team. .   i have an older brother. he is nineteen. and i have a younger sister who's in the sixth grade right now.   he goes to a university here in japan. and  i'm really close to him so sometimes he takes me to movies and stuff like that.yeah.yeah.o k.o k.  it looks like a pretty nice neighborhood because   in front of the car, there's  or two ladies  conversing probably about the neighborhood or something, maybe, they saw. and there's also  children playing  which means that there's probably like a lot of families living in that neighborhood.   and  to me, it looks like a pretty normal neighborhood. and then like how there's a lot of trees.so .. yeah.  .  my most memorable experience was probably when i was like in the first grade. and   ever since i was little i used to play with my brother. and this one time or actually a couple of times in the summer,   my friends and i and also my brother's friends,   we used to play in the street in front of our house.  we'd set up two goal posts and we played  hockey  in front of our houses. so that was pretty fun and  we always used to do that in the summer. no. i live in an apartment house so i don't really have the street in front of my house. in my free time,  lately i don't have that much free time since   i have practice until late and when i get home, i usually just eat dinner and do my  and go to sleep.but when i do have time, like on the train, i like to read books..   lately i was reading "harry potter," but now   i've switched to a book called "a child called it".and there's three series  book. i finished reading the book and i'm on the last book which is called "a man called dave".yeah.  "a child called it," it's about a little boy who gets abused by his mother. it's about child abuse and domestic abuse  and  it's really,  i don't know, like terrifying because like i just can't believe that a mother would treat like her own child that badly. and like to the verge where  she almost killed him.   but    that author really inspired me because even though that was happening and   he was like about to give up, he didn't give up on . and  now i think because of that experience, he's a lot stronger than he used to be. yeah.o k...o k.. ?.o k. hi.  i would like to buy c d. .sorry, i don't really get this. .all right.o k.  .hi, yes.   or i purchased it but i realize that this isn't the c d that i wanted. it's a different album.  can i exchange it for another one? then can i return it and probably  get a refund or something? o k. then thank you very much. i'll be careful next time. .o k.  .    i borrowed a c d from my friend but then i accidentally misplaced it. and now  i came here to buy  a replacement for my friend, but  when i got home i realized that this wasn't the album that i needed. so    it's really important that   i get this c d exchanged for the other one.o k...o k. thank you ..o k..  . yeah. i have, but then  if that's the store policy, then i thought like you can't really fight it because if, let's say, the person   exchanged it for me, if they weren't allowed, then  if they get in trouble, then it's probably my fault, .and i don't like putting people in problems because of my fault. soyeah.   i know in japan,  i guess it's so much like more  accessible because if i just hop on the train, i can go to shibuya, i can go to ikebukuro, i can go anywhere.but  when i was in the states,  i had to get my mom to drive me there or my friend's mom.  and  i couldn't really easily go to the mall or anything. so i think it's easier to shop in japan if you have money. o k...o k.o k.o k. o k.one day last week,   a man  was driving his car, and at the same time, there's another man who's driving   a moped.   this man on the moped was talking to his girlfriend and wasn't really watching the road or being careful. and     while he was driving,   the man in the yellow car or the orange car   hit or kind of crushed into the man in the scooter    causing the man on the scooter  to drop his cell phone.    after that incident, both men got off the vehicles and started arguing about who had the fault.  the man on the scooter   insisted that the man in the yellow car had the fault because he wasn't paying attention  when he was driving even though the man on the scooter had   just the same amount of fault because he wasn't paying attention to the road either because he was talking on the cell phone.  and so after a while, a police officer arrived, and they both explained the  incident.  and both men told their stories.  but  after hearing both men's side of the story, the policeman  yeah, decided that the man on the scooter had the fault. and    that he had to  get his scooter towed away and probably     take another exam for his license because obviously  he wasn't  worthy of having that license. not really. e-mailing sometimes.yeah.  for me,  when i lived in the united states, i'd talk on the phone a lot with my friends. but in japan,   like the phone bill is really expensive and so i guess  to take the place of like making phone calls, they  send each other e-mails to talk like the times  they aren't there at school.o k. i have to go back to class,  and then after that, i have cheerleading practice. .yeah. usually practice is from four to six.but we practice even more than that. so i'm not sure what time i'm gonna get home yet...o k..