i'm .sure. please.good. fine, thank you.  how are you? yes.  i took train from   no    line. it took about one and half an hour. it was a long distance.you are welcome. but i used to live here.  this place reminds me of my   my young life.  that way. i don't know the name of the street, but  this way go that way. just five minutes walk from here.. yes. yes, i did. because name is really good, isn't it? long happiness .tuesday? on tuesdays? you mean  do i do on ? nothing special usually. but today,  of course, you know, i  you know, having test, and then   i have to pick up my son at two o'clock to a kindergarten. yes. and after this i have free time. maybe.   most of day i was busy with my housekeeping and nursering, and today we are maybe going to  a park  to play with my son it's very beautiful day.sons.  i have two boys.yes.  first son is in  third grade and second one is  in kindergarten. yes.  my first son  plays baseball.  he is in baseball team now. he is busy with baseball practice on weekends. and now he wants to be a  professional baseball player. . yes. and then, the other son, the younger one is  so talkative. he is always wondering in everything. . on this way to kindergarten  this morning, he asked me  many questions. he always  does this. "am i able to do this?". "why  we were here?" or "how do the baby  is born?" or something like that.  . and then,  he likes to play outside, too.yes.that's right.. i saw this picture ..yes. .  they are in restaurant and maybe they are a couple and i think they have some kind of   maybe wedding anniversary, and then  they are having dinner. and the husband thinking which one is better. and  the sommelier recommends that wine to him and then  he thinks that would be fine, maybe. and then  nice music has been playing  with piano and  the time is seven o'clock, yes  they will have   dinner. nothing special, because our wedding anniversary is may fifth and  it's for children's  . but my husband gave me  a kind of present to me.. yes. yeah.   yes. we went to my parents-in-law's house and then  had dinner with them and then   my kids had a present from their grandfather and mother, and they are pleased  with them. yes.  we are live away from each other  and then my parents-in-law certainly their grandchildren. so and then our kids love to go to their place because they are so kind, and they are always buy some toys to them. .  that's why they love to go .. and then, maybe they wants to have their grandchildren, too.yes.yes.yes.  i bought this sweater this sunday, but it's not fit to me. do you mind changing this  sweater more smaller one?but    the other day, i asked you to   try on, but  you said you can't. but    if it was not fit to you, you will accept to change  the other clerk said so, so that's why i brought this one.but your company said so. i'd like to ask  that person  or your boss were here?.why your common  idea with the customers are   depends on person. you know?  the clerk said yes, but you said no.yes, yes. i will. o k. no, not really... first of all, i decide what to buy today, before i leave.  because i don't want to waste any money so   and then  go to shopping,   i want to buy  a lot of things. so i make up my mind first what to buy today. and then,    recently, i ask some advice from clerk because they are really  know about  their items and the combinations of colors or  shapes.    so now i ask them advices. .is it?  ..  using these pictures?do i have to go from one to six?from one to six?o k. o k. one day, mister smith   went on trip for business. and  he was going to station. and then, on the platform he dropped off his bag   in a  rail line, and then because of somebody pushed him and he dropped off his bag, and  he argued to the person why  he pushed me. but he didn't recognize  he push him. but after that,   station officer came and picked  the bag for him, and  safely, he had bag again. and then, he guaranteed. and  he went to his business trip safely. i like to drive a car, but  my children like trains. so  if we have chance, we always take trains. it was the last summer. we went to the united states to visit grand canyon, and then i used to  now live just  short time for three months, i stay in san francisco, and now i went to back to there, and then we went to san francisco, and after that we went to grand canyon. yes.  the scenery was so huge. and  it was day time, i have heard the sunset and sunrise are more  beautiful but it was day time but still beautiful. and  there were some camp riding on a camel and the river,  but we have to wait to take the camel for at least one year. and next time, we want to take the ride of the camels..yeah, i hope so.grand canyon?because   we just stayed only two days.  it was not enough to see  all the grand canyons because it's really huge. there are many good views, sites  with sites on . many points of view we can see there. so   if we have  more time to stay there, we really enjoy what grand canyon is  how beautiful  it is.  we must  know  the whole ..  .    actually they were most interested in  the  universal studio, not the grand canyon.  but  i don't think they want to go there again, but maybe after they're growing up, they more realize how beautiful it is.yes.yes.right. .today? yes.  what was it?  i thought  it was for dinner  this morning. what was it? i took it out from the freezer. ? i forgot. . yes. today, we are, yes,  curry chicken.yes... nice to meet you, too. thank you very much.