good morning.my name is .yes. .yes, i'm fine, but i have a twins.  they are two years old. and i have to take  them to  nursery school in the morning. and they are one girl and boy.and my boy was crying   in the morning.  he didn't want to go and  therefore,   i had to be with him bit a long time at the nursery school in the morning. .yes. .. i think  he  has a own pace of doing something and of course nursery school has a time schedule and they have to do  play time or lunch time or  napping time. then sometimes   he didn't want to  join their group work, he wanted to stay home,  playing with his miniature  car..yes.yes, they are.. so like this morning,my girl  can do everything by herselfsand    she is willing to join nursery school, therefore i do not take care of her so much.but not my . i think it's  really short  because it's only five days,from thirtieth to third . and  we didn't have any special event because   our parents are living in , therefore we don't need to go  to home or countryside in japan. therefore, i think  we stayed at home basically.. yes. yes. . i think this is one of   skiing place    it's locating in niigata prefecture. .  and  this is me and my husband because we are not good at skiing, and we are talking about how we spend  the afternoon. . nowadays i think snowboarding is more popular than normal ski, but this place  still standard skiing  seems popular.and  kids are playing  snowball  . i don't know how it's called. and  i think she is a beginner and she is going to  attack her,   but    she cannot control  her  ski.  and he is a coach of  a kind of school of skiing and he is teaching  skiing to the beginners. .  and he is calling, "help.".   i think this place is not so deep mountain, therefore   the place is good for beginners. maybe the other side of the mountain, there is  another course for    professionals.. i don't know how we , but maybe  we are with kids and i wanted  them to see snow. because in , we rarely see snow like this.no. not at all. maybe   in   no, elementary school i had some experience. but totally   when  i was  elementary school  i was a beginner, therefore,  i could not enjoy  skiing.. at high school, i joined tennis club,  so i did tennis and after graduated schools,  yeah, maybe sometimes i went to  gym.yeah. certain exercise or machines  or aerobics..i think i wanted to keep fit.. yeah. so maybe it's a one of the two of diet.yes..  o k. i call you first?hello. i'm . i think i have to apologizebecause i cannot join the party tonight.i'm sorry. i'm so sorry, but  my girl    has a high fever now. therefore, i have to go to a doctor  to show her.no, i'm sorry she cannot accept   his care this time. . normally   she loves him, but maybe due to high fever she needs me.. yes, that's a  good idea, but first i want to go to doctor. then i think the doctor  will give certain medicine, then i'll see how she will be. then the temperature is lower than present,then i think i can join  provided that .yeah, thank you very much. i'm sorry and tell  everybody about that and  my .thank you.bye.. not after .yes, but we don't have a big party, maybe   our having party was only with  grandmothers. . .. for them,  nursery school has a event of   monthly event of  kids,  and  they give them a certain certificate of the birthday with their photos.  and      photo is decorated with colorful papersand they can hang on their  neck. so they are really delighted to   get them. .yes, and therefore, actually they are two, so they are having only two ...... yeah. . one day last week,  i, ,   i'm sorry, when i and my husband  went to  my parents' home,   he heard  the voice of small cat and he said     he could hear something. it's like a kitty voice. and we found the kitty   in small box and    kitty seems very cold because we had a rain very hard, like cats and dog. and she is very cute, therefore i wanted to help her but  he said  his parents did not like any animals, therefore he said we could not take her to   i'm sorry, parents' home.  but    if we ignored her, nobody would take care of her. in that case, the kitty   would be dead. then i asked him and say "please," and he  was  worrying about  reaction of parents. . but basically he likes animals, therefore he  could not refuse  my request, then   finally, he agreed to take her to parents' home.yes, .yes. .good things?i think he is really my . ..bad things? .  he is american shorthair. i don't know you know it. and   he is not so long hair, but still we have a plenty of his hair  floor and my kids are really weak in  lung and throat,  therefore the cat hair   gives them very bad influence.  i put air cleaners in my living room and has to clean up every night by vacuum. .yes.. no, i think  broadcast said  it will be snowy.. but i don't know if my  documents work could not finished, i would be in the office.. ...