.yes.  i am ,  but  my real name is . yes. but i used   when i was in the united states because  it's    very easy for the native speakers to  memorize and  pronounce.yeah.yes. thank you, .yeah, good. yeah, but  i feel nervous  because  this is the first time to  get to work after i came back to ..o k... yes.  here? near here,  it takes thirty minutes by train. live in company's dormitory, yeah,  which is located  in  city.yeah.  ... yes, i like it  because  i can see  my friends. and   when i have  party  near here, and then   if i drink too much and  if  i am drunken,  some friends  will take me to our dormitory by taxi. so it's very easy    to commute? . last time.  yes,  before i went to the united states,  my co-workers  had party for me. then,  they  made me drunken. so, i was so drunken, but my  senior co-worker   took me to my  company's dormitory, and he took care of me, yeah.?. in japan or ?in japan.  in japan,  in terms of weekends, every saturday, i practice playing american football with my co-workers. i belong to  company's american football team, and this year, i'm a captain.yeah, so  while i was in the united states,  i worked out very much, and  i strengthened my muscle, and  i ate very much  to gain my weight.. .... o k.  in this pictures,  there is one teacher, and   there are, one, two, three, four, five, six students.  i think  it is a mathematics class.  teacher teaches mathematics in , but  the students  don't pay attention to the class.  some of them,    i think just one of them,  taking a class  in , but  other peoples are terrible.  for example,   the man  close to the window is chewing gum, and  he  looks out of the class, and behind him,  there are two girls,  who are chatting with each other, and  in the center of this class,  there is one guy who is drinking and  who is listening to the c d.  and    this student,  this girl is  typing message, by using cell phone.yeah..atmosphere.  completely different from japanese class.i mean,  for example, in  japanese university,  the style, the teaching style and the  taking style is different. i mean, in japan, there is one teacher, and he is just  teaching  like a one way. so  the students don't  make questions. so  in the united states,  in my english class,  teacher tries to  make us make questions. so, they are trying to have a conversation with students. so,  i think    not level, i mean style, so lecture style is different from american class and japanese class........o k.hello.  i'd like to refund  my trip  because i took a tour of your company and i went to the united states, i went to the cincinnati to   watch a game  with   reds and  yankees.. so  before i went there,  i have the pamphlet  about it, and it said  i will be able to have a good dinner, and  i will be able to stay  at  very good hotel, but  the reality is completely different. i mean, i went to cincinnati, and   in the cincinnati's stadium,  while i was watching the game,  i couldn't have any dinner, so i had to have  hot dog by myself.. time? but  there, i called your company, but   your company answered  your company didn't prepare for our dinner, so this is    one difference, and also, after the game, i went to the  cincinnati hotel, and  my pamphlet said   i would be able to stay  in a good room, but   the room's terrible. i mean,  i was supposed to stay in the suite room,yeah, but  the hotel said  your company didn't  make a reservation for suite room, so i had to stay at the  lower class room.nice room? but i took picture. here.  we are talking about .. o k. difference.  and i have a  picture of suite room....yeah..yes..thank you very much. .. no, the season was finished..yeah, baseball game. but actually,   at the game,  the reds  lost the game, so i and my friends  left there early.. yeah........  how long can i  prepare?.o k. thirty seconds .o k. one day last week,  taro and shinichi  went to the restaurant.  taro is a father of shinichi.     i mean, taro  wanted to  have dinner for shinichi's university graduation. so,    taro  wanted to celebrate  for his graduation. so,  while  they were walking the street,  they found a good restaurant, so they entered the restaurant.  taro found the good table  so  taro asked the waiter  to have dinner at the table.  then, at the table,  taro said to shinichi,  "you can have anything you want.". so  shinichi ordered  beer and  fish dishes and  a lot of   meals. and taro also ordered a chicken and a wine and  a salad.  they had a  good dinner  and  they had a good conversation. after eating dinner,  taro  treated shinichi. yeah. because  shinichi  was      right after graduation of university, so shinichi didn't have  any money, so taro treated shinichi. . after dinner,  shinichi had  another plan to meet his friends, so  he left  there, and they said to each other, "good-bye."...yes., so  when i was in the united states, i said to here, also. so, i mean,    there were four  guys, of us. so,  do you ?. called me not ,. so,  it's very  weired to call .  when we are speaking in english,  it's very natural  for him to call me .so,   the before, he called me . yeah. yes, i think so...thank you..thank you very much.