hello.my name is . meet you, too.i live in waseda. is very near from here. four or five minutes,on foot. yes.sure..no. cooking is very troublesome for me. i hate cooking. at first,  when i began to live alone, i thought cooking was very fun for me.  gradually, i became to hate.. i'm not good at cooking.my hobby is going shopping,watching movies,and talking with my friends over the phone .. so many thing.. secret.. i like many kinds of  movies. . but recently, i like to watch the movies which is about love story..because, i don't need to think about  difficult topics when i see the love story. it is very   amazing. no?  it is very fun and   good .no need to think about difficult topics. like.. my favorite movie is "chocolat". do you know?maybe it was shown last year,or this year. i forgot. but   the beginning of this year, i went to the united states to study english for  for about a month.at that time, i had a chance to see "chocolat" in the u. s.but i couldn't have  enough knowledge in english. so it was very difficult for me to understand the contents of the movie in english. but the   scene and the pictures and in the movie were very good.so i was very moved. if i had a chance, i wanna see that movie again in .?i belong to the  of literature one. and my major is humanities and liberal art. i'm most interested in linguistics.the english pronunciation by japanese people and their weak point in speaking english..future dream?. if i can,  i wanna get a job which is connected to  foreign countries.,  the trading companies,or  tourism.something like that... yes. i think, maybe, this picture is about the classes.i can see the teacher who is wearing a purple  skirt and purple shoes.. she is teaching math to the students. but the   almost all of them  don't listen to what, said. . i can find the students   who are chattering with other students.and the student who is drinking tea or   soft drink,and listening to music.  i can see the student who is using mobile phone.maybe she doesn't listen to what the teacher says.but one of the students  to concentrate on the class,in the front of classrooms.and   the student who is in  the front line,is   eating chewing gum.i don't think he looks very young.he is wearing  glasses.. and some of the girls, are doing make-up,and  nail ..... to tell the truth,   two years ago or three years ago,i really wanted to be a english teacher at  high school. but nowadays, like you said, the students at high school,were dropping out.that's why it is very hard for me to be an english teacher. like that kind of circumstances. so i quit to  be an english teacher.but    not only the   high school but also  the university like ,some of the students try to use the mobile phone during the classes.so i think it doesn't matter   of  the problem nowadays. i think, maybe, long time ago, there must be a similar   kind of accident, no, accident,  was happened. but  the number of students   who don't try to listen to  the stories and  classes, what the teacher said,is increasing .. .that's why.but  i don't agree with the attitude of there.because the teacher had to,study for the classes beforehand.  so students have to respect the attitude of  teachers, i ......  .o k.excuse me. but the other day, i bought a skirt,at this shop. the size was too small for me. so if you can, i really want you to  exchange.but is it o k?.because when i tried to buy it,   there was anyone,  except for the people who was at the register. so i couldn't  ask her....but not only the size but also i found  stains,on the skirt. so, how about ?yes. i .then, but the fastener was broken, when i  brought it back to my home. how ?i haven't tried it on  never. no.   i ...how long will it take? not so long? ?if i can.. a little expensive is o k.? ?then, i'll buy  this shirt.this must be a little expensive,than this skirt. you. thank .. yes.i don't think so. i've never tried it. . but, last month, i went to  the u. s.and  the day i was planning to go back to japan was  four days later, of the terrorism,in  new york. so i couldn't take on a plane i was planning to. so,i tried to call,to the airline company to change my flight,or to confirm my reservation.at that time, they said  the plane  i will be take on will be cancelled. that's why    i have to  take a new reservation again.and i did. but,in fact, the plane    i was  going to take on    was flown to japan.so they did   different,news to me. they misunderstood.so i couldn't take.so i had to wait for  more ten days. the ten days, i tried to negotiate to the airline company to  take  a reservation as soon as possible to go back to japan. it was so hard. yes.yes. ....one day last week, the man went to the station at around eight o'clock. and when he waited for the train, he dropped his  briefcase   to the   railroad of train. and he ask,  no.  the reason why he dropped the briefcase was he was hit by  the elbows of the   next man. so he complained to the man    to  pick his briefcase up.but the next man couldn't understand what he said. at that time, the train came into the station.and he was almost hit by the train.. he was very surprised.but he was safe.and maybe   the next man  asked the person who worked at the station to try to pick  the briefcase up. and he did. and the man who dropped his  briefcase could get it... . in comparison with the transportation in tokyo,for example, the time schedule of bus  is not  .and  it was very difficult for me to take on the bus because maybe i could find only one buses,in an hour.  and   when i went to  the u s, i went to the english conversation school.at first, i was said that it was   possible for me to go there by bus.but,the time schedule wasn't correct. so i had to go there by bike.and at first, i didn't know thatthe bicycle in the u. s.  have to run  on the right side of the street.and  i,ran on the left side.. and  when i took on the bike,  i was always put on a   how can i say?  i was always shouted by the drivers of car. but i didn't understand why  shouted to .and after that,   a friend of mine said  that the,bicycle has to run on the,right side of the street. so i  could understand,..after this interview?. i will go back to my home.and  i have to write an english essay to hand in to   school.because  to tell the truth, i will  for the programs of  as an exchange student. and i have to hand in the paper,by the end of this week.i have to write not only in japanese but also in .at the same time, i have to explain the reason why i chose the university in the u. s.i'd like to go to the california state university. thank you. thank you very much.