o k.. my name is . i'm working for  hair care marketing in ... i got a cold yesterday.so today, actually  i got a half day off in .and  i   thought  given up come here.  i just remembered that i had a test today. , i gotta go. so,. in the morning, just . recently, yeah. i think .. i'm working for a marketing to  develop a styling products for  brand.to develop a  product concept. and  had a brief to the technical team to have a formulation to suitable for the concept. or developing pack and design and  t v art, media plan, everything except for sitting at the retailer's, i guess..  exciting. .. yeah. . because   everyday, i  got some news ,something i never expect.  sometimes  i gave the exceptation. but sometimes it's  really  new findings for me, everyday,  i have something to learn. so it's very exciting and   i will  meet  many people in the different kind of  division or different companies.so it's very  exciting for me.. free time? .   actually,    from monday to friday, i have a work. so i almost have little time to spend for me. . ..  last time? maybe last week, i guess. i went  some  wine restaurant with a friend.you know,  o k, i like a australia or california winewhich is   a little bit  different from french or italian one.i think it's  very    thick or dense. very  heavy and  fruity. so i like red wine. but    there are   not a many restaurant who had australian wine,in tokyo. but  in aoyama, actually,  there is a australian wine bar.it's really nice. yeah. you better go. yeah.o k. . it's a picture   of a kind of scenery.  it seems like a uptown. and  i can see a house in the middle of the picture. and   above the sky,  there is a sun .very    kind of cartoon, i guess. and  in front of the house,   three childrens are playing. two boys are maybe  playing with a ball. and the one girl is, i don't know how to call it, but  ,kind of  exercise. and the two dogs also are facing each other in front of the house. on the road,  i can see a white car, and  over  top of the car,is it cat or dog? but some animal is sleeping.and  enjoying sunlight, i guess. and the two ladies just in front of the car are really dangerous, i guess. two women are having  some  talk. and  one lady just having a dog.  there are too many dogs .and  the across of the house,  i can see another house a little bit, part of a house,  actually. and in front of the house, there is a chair and  i think he is the father?  he is reading a news book, and  he is very quiet.and    there is a man.  he is most active in this picture. he is  wearing blue and  running. i don't know why  but  maybe for exercise  for diet or something. . .? ..there are too few .  i can see more green.  actually i mean, i live in . compared to tokyo, it's  more like  not so   kind of busy town. but  it feels more like   or nagoya. very far from tokyo. . and the house is much bigger than mine, i guess.and  actually,  in japan not only , but  i don't see so many kids  house.maybe one kids for one house. and  my neighborhood actually,  all the children  almost like  about my age. i don't see such a kids around me. and  no dog.   my grandmother is still living in . nagoya,  just for business trip. .never..yeah.yeah. . o k.   i'm in trouble, .. i missed my train.   i have reserved my seat.but actually, i missed that train.so   i wanna have a pay back or just   exchange this ticket   for reservation seat for this train.. but i'm really in trouble, you know. . actually, i've tried very hard to catch that train but   in the morning, my baby just cried out. so i gotta go hospital. so   i couldn't help it.  and  actually, i have to take this train to catch up my husband. so i want to  ride on this train. so would you please  pay back or exchange   right ticket?. but  is it your policy  to have ? my husband is in sendai. so  i gotta catch up him.   he left for sendai  yesterday. and  he is really in trouble. because he caught a cold.. my family is .so am i, i guess. . what  kind . .. ..   if i were a good driver,  i would prefer driving,but  actually, i have a driver's license.but everybody stop me to ..  i had a driver's license in the fourth year of university.and after that, i joined this company. and i was in the sales department.so every salesman has their own car.but  my boss never allowed me to have it.but  i don't know. it's fortunately or unfortunately,only two months, i was allowed to use a car.but  every time i came back to the branch,my car are a little bit .because i just .so after two months, i was told to go to marketing. . yeah. if i could find a car with a driver, maybe car is very exciting. .. if i  take train, actually i will go to sleep. .. ..o k. one day last week,  i made up my mind to go hiking with my sister. so we just  have  some  not clothing, foods and    something to drink. and  my sister insisted to drive a car. because she just got a new one. so we went to   i don't know, tone river. i don't know.. some river. and  also, we just brought a camp. so we decided to stay overnight there. because it's very warm day. and  very fresh air. so my sister was in girl scout. so she said she could do it.  and  actually, she was very  good at building a tent. but too suddenly,  we had a rain. i thought it was a little bit  just    not so strong rain or heavy rain. so we said "o k. we can stay here.". but , it was a storm or typhoon. and  all the stuffs are just crushed and  just blown away. so we just  went into the car. and  escaped from the river. and    to make it worse,  there was a thunder. so we couldn't go back to  our house. because  there was some accident on the road. and  we couldn't go any further. but  very fortunately, we have just found us a  some hotel, hotel cosmos. and  very luckily,  we had a vacant room. and  lastly,  we could have a very  nice  black coffee. and in the very safe room.but  actually it was a haunted mansion. maybe at the seventh picture. .actually, i don't. . every time i do something,  i have trouble.   when i was in  university, i had a camp like this on the top of mountain.and it was a very fine day.. but after just we  fixed up everything, there was a storm. like this. and  my friend was not  as good as her.so the rain just  make  some very  pond on the top of the camp.and while sleeping, there  .so i was sleeping. but  i got a wet.and then, next morning,  we just went back. but just after  went into car, there was a sun again. top of mountain, it was storm., there must be something.  said " ."..yeah. very   ..yeah.today is  just go back to seventh floor and  . .. sure.maybe but    one hour later, i thinks i were in starbucks.yeah. i think so. .?..