 my name is .nice to meet you, . as i mention you,  a little bit trouble about hay fever now.and also, i'm so busy now for   year-end closing and also board meeting preparation.yes. i'm now working at accounting and finance of . this is subsidiary of .and i started  this job since last  march.. in abroad?. now? i'm living in  , -.no? also  i have moved there since  last february, and,   sorry,  it takes only   twenty five minutes, door-to-door, from my house to get company.yeah. belong to   line.  station is in a  station. o k. . i'm still living in one of the condominium.not  detached house or not semi-detached house.  it's very convenience  to live there because every morning, i have  hot  floor.it's hotby time switch.and    i used to be living in -,  and this is also inside the tokyo. but i live there by myself. but, after  moving to ,  my wife and my kids   have joined to live with me  because they are living in the united states.yeah. o k.i have   started working in united states  from nineteen ninety-two. and, that time, my kids age was   approximately  ten years old. and  my previous company has ordered back to japan.and my wife and my  kid have decided to live there until  they graduating junior high school.yeah.you're welcome.yes.o k.  there is   one lady.   and there're  two animals here.   the cat is sleeping on the bed, and dog is sleeping on the floor. and one lady  seems to  looking them and   enjoying and relaxing. .   there is a  typewriter and  personal computer on the desk.  and    also there is a stereo sets  on the cabinet.  it seems like  her living room apartment. yes, i have.   my family has one computer and sharing. and my wife is accessing  for   asking somebody to  join a golf tournament. she is very good golf player. and  she always searching  somebody friend who likes  golfing  and outgoing.  and   my son is   enjoying to play  guitar.also, he is searching some group who  can play with him.and,   in my case, i'm very interesting     to see the  audio and video equipments. .  " where is a new  model  released?", something like that..thank you very much.yes.ready..yes, please.  i want to go to new york city by train.. how can i get there   so quickly?    how can i get a ticket here?o k..   sorry.. i don't understand.   o k. so,  may i have a ticket, please,  to go to new york city? o k. what kind of ticket do you have?yeah.i see.  would you explain what's the difference?yeah.i see. . i want to go to new york city as soon as possible..  now, it's ten o'clock. what time you available?. o k. what's the next?.  how long is it takes from here to get new york city? that's good.o k. so,   please give me  one ticket, one way, please.o k.thank you very much.yes. thank you.. new jersey.yes.. actually,   i bought a house there.     the cost is only three  hundred fifty thousand.ninety percent mortgage available there.so   i have   , how many square feet, i forgot the  area, but, very wide gardens. and there are many of  animals appeared    in our garden,like deers and , do you know ? so my wife and   my son have enjoyed a lot there. . yes. i'm missing.. o k.o k..   one  old gentleman and    young guy  seems to go to the  restaurant. and     they have entered the restaurant and ask boy their seat is available or not. then, the boy  actually  introduced them one of the table.  and they are choosing  food. excuse me. i'm very nervous.i'm a very poor imaginator.  they asked the waiter   to have the menu, and they started to choose  food and drink.  and     one person  chosed the chicken with bone,   and   one person ordered the fish meat.and   young person  also had a beer, and old  gentleman ordered the  maybe juice.  actually,    they finished to eat. then,  they have paid their bill   at the registration.   what can i say,  both people    feel satisfaction because they  ate a lot.  and then, finally,   went back their home.  you mean the junk food?  actually,  in america, there are many of choices, compare with united  kingdom. like  a hamburger and italian restaurants there, japanese restaurant there. so, whatever we want, we could  eat there. .  so, america is   really  much of choice, compared with  u k. specially,    italian pizza is very cheap in united states.yeah. . the cost is only six fifty u s dollar  per piece. per piece means, maybe,   ten inches pizza  only  is six fifty.then,   we can share one pizza for two or three person. that's very  cheap there.also,   do you know the oyster bar in new york city?every winter, the one of very famous oyster bar serve us special oyster.and the taste is also very nice.yeah. .thank you very much.    i'm still working for closing  of the account. and,  next march, we have  internal audit.  internal auditor are coming from   sweden.   i have to take  audit, so i still need to prepare a lot of document for  audit.yeah.thank you very much.thank you.thank you very much.