 my name is .yeah. good. but  sleepy..i don't know.  i think i had enough sleeping time, but i don't think it's good time  to get up. o k. so i'm  junior   commercial department, and now  i'm major in   manager accounting. so, i will study it in detail from next year. and now i am joining the club of amateur radio. it's in science division.so i've been  enjoying amateur radio club  when i was junior high school.. kind of.. o k.  of course, it's a club of amateur radio, and   to enjoy amateur radio, we need to get license  because  we use public  radio wave, and after you get the license of amateur radio, you can enjoy, and  at first you need  antenna and  transceiver,  and yeah. i think  that's it. . o k.  i think so one interest is  to speak to other people, and    another interest is   experiment. so, we can make  antenna or transceiver  by ourselves, so unlike telephones we can use our own stuff. so, it's our major interest. but it's just a hobby so.we don't have to study so much. i live in . no. so actually, i was born in .and i moved to  when  i was in kindergarten.so i think that  is a best town so far.so  is of course  city but  not so big  like   or . so we also have nature like  park. so in , we have  cities,  so many shops and also nature. so  it's a good point of ..o k. so i think there it's a scene of the party. so maybe dinner. and there are  three couples  enjoying dinner. and one lady is playing the piano. so i think it's classic. and the   boy brought the  champagne or wine.  i guess it's a beaujolais nouveau, . yeah, and  let's see.   one couple  don't begin to eat yet. maybe, so they are just  enjoying their  first wine. so probably,  they'll start to eat after drinking.  let's see. so, but  nobody  is dancing, so maybe  this party is held in japan..thank you.yeah, .so  i like american style party. .so i have stayed in the states for one year. so at that time, i joined many party. . you mean, o k. so i think the big difference between japanese and american culture is    whether you can do   what you like or not. so in japan,  when you  play your own interest    no so much, maybe so other people don't like you because so there is no  topic to speak or something. so we sometimes call  such people , and i don't think so. it's not word to respect,  although  they specialize in  some hobby or interest. . o k.  i think in the states as long as   we don't prevent  other's hobby or profit in the states, we can do anything. so, i think it's a big difference.yeah.. o k.o k. hello, so  i've just now came back to my home, but i found so my  windows are broken.yeah. it's too bad. so as you know, so it's winter so it's too cold, so i can't endure  such cold environment, so  i would like you to repair the windows as soon as possible.. yeah. i know so you are so busy, but i can't sleep    in such a environment.   i will catch a cold.yeah. so i tried  to cover so by papers, but it doesn't  work. so, still cold.yeah. it's problem. .let's see. so   but so after you  repair the water problem, so could you  repair my windows?.yeah, so, o k, so, i try to ask  somebody  to sleep in their room tonight..o k, thank you.bye. no. yeah. there are many problem.so at my house,  there are so many insects. so in summer,so  there is one  special insect, so we call  . it not so popular one, but it's pretty small bug and  black one. and    they can fly, but they don't try to fly so much. so they usually  stick to white stuff. so we can find them in soap or towel, the front of  refrigerator, the pillow.yeah, it's so weird.. yeah.. o k..  . o k.  so one day last week,  i drove  along the beach side, but  at that time, i had a terrible accident. so, one  rider  bumped into my car. and unfortunately,  i attacked  his bike. so as a result, so his bike  broke. so of course,  he got angry so much, but i also got angry so because so my cart  were broken, too. so  we  we quarreled so much. but  we realized we couldn't  solve the problem. so finally,  we called the  police. then,  we talked a lot.  so but  we didn't find the result,  so police said so  he would tell us the result later. but      we can't change the result our bikes and cars are broken. so     no  my car is so big   and the engine still work. so i can    go back to home. but his bike    didn't work   no already, something.  so we can't help but  we need to  deal with  his broken bike. so we called to the  repair center. and he came here. so it took one hour, so we waited so much. and as a result,    he said good bye to his bike, and  but   i can't leave him alone, so i felt  sorry a little, so  i allowed him to  get on board  to my car. so  we had   a terrible accident, but after that, we enjoyed  the drive together. so  since this accident,  we had been a good friend. yes, . not yet.yeah, fortunately. i have seen the accident of  motor . so actually, so one accident was in . so  the bike    couldn't stop, so actually and in front of the bike,   one car  acrosses so quickly. so as a result, bike didn't stop and  crashed. yeah.but    a rider so was alive.and the other  happened  this week, maybe.yeah. so i think the situation  was almost same, so the rider couldn't stop.. so you mean so people around the accident?. so if  i were a rider,     maybe so i couldn't do anything because  maybe  i'm injured.so   i need help. but if i have the driver,  so it's not good to idea to leave him alone, so i need to call the police or  of course hospital..new year? . so new year, i think so i am going to  to pray so with my friends.yeah.. yeah.thank you very much.