my name is .yes. i'm pretty good.  before coming here,i went to bookstore.because i'm looking for a special bookfor traveling. recently, yes.i'm going to go to ukraine  in this march. .yeah.   i'm planning to visit my friend,and visiting  nearest his house.   i'm interested in language and sound. i want to have special sounds  there.yes. the place? in . i'm studying education in japan.i'm interested in  early english education in japan.and  especially, i'm studying about the text that is used in junior high school or elementary school.yes.   and also i'm interested in, as i said,   language and sound. so i want to make    textbook about phonetics,that is for  junior high school student or elementary school students.o k.  can i see?can i start?.  there is a big house with big garden. and there are some people in this picture. and   there are three children. two of them are playing with a ball together, and the other is playing with rope. and a man is running  along the street.   and  there is a car. and by the car, two woman are speaking together.  one of them is with a dog.    a little bit  old man is reading a newspaper on a bench.no.o k.   so around my house,  there are a lot of houses and now, little bit noisy. . so i can't have such a   comfortable neighbor now, yeah.   now,  in front of my house,  a new building is being build.so every day, very noisy.. .  i can go to the library,near my house.yeah. and i can read some books there.  or    i play the electric organ .yeah. the disney song.  my favorite music is that. . o k. hello. this is . i'm fine, thanks. how are you? today, i have to apologize you.because i've suddenly got an important test.and i can't go to your dinner party today.yeah.so  could you invite me next time?yeah.. but the test    will take a long time,maybe, and the place is   far from my house. so maybe i can't come back.yeah. but   tomorrow,   i will have another test.so i want to prepare that.., yeah. sorry.maybe next time, o k?.  could you say again?  yes,, yeah..yeah. before  going to visit my friend, i called her and  i apologized her.and i explained why  i  couldn't go.  yes. my friend?. "it's o k. maybe .".but  i don't have such experience so many time.yeah. because i don't want to dolike that.o k.o k..   one day last week,  my husband and i  walk together. and suddenly,  we heard  strange voice or strange sound. and we found a cute cat. and we thought  there's  nobody   who had a cat. and i asked my husband to bring the cat to our house. but  at first, my husband  " i couldn't.". but at last,   he said o k. and  we brought that cat  to our house.now, no.yes.. i had a dog.o k.  but the dog died when i was a child. so since that, i couldn't  have a pet anymore. i can't stand the sadness of death..   i think    to think a pet as our family member, and  to take care of the pet  until the pet would die. i think so. o k.. maybe i'm going to go shopping, to buy something for .yeah. i'm going to go to  ukraine. but before that, i'm going to london and prague.yeah.yeah. . thank you.