.my name is .nice to meet you, too. yes, please. i'm live in at - in .no.  for .area.    so - is  a little bit,  how can i say,  small town. and so  lots of small shops is there around my house. and then  so  no  supermarket and big shop. only small shops.yeah.  and then, so, my house near here so had many up and down and  a little bit tired.yeah. yeah. everyday. sometimes    i get on a bus, and sometimes, i get on a train.. my hobby is scuba diving. so sometime, i went to scuba diving. and then, maybe  i go scuba diving next month to  island in thailand.  i think, so sea is very wonderful and beautiful. and then, we can see the coral fish and coral sea. and so, lots of  very beautiful fish.  yeah.so, i got  license ten years ago. but recently, i haven't got there,  and then, so  i've stayed at keynes in australia. so that time, i went to the great barrier reef sometime. hometown. my hometown is  prefecture. next to .  but depend on situation. so,  environment is the   better than . so air and water is very clean  and   very clean. so  is very  convenient if i go to another place but  a little bit  dirty place, i think.. o k. so there are many child,   there are skiing. and then, so  some children playing the snow  how can i say. yeah. playing on the snow. and then, so  two people had a coffee in a lodge. and then,    so  one boy lied down on the snow. so he's wearing the black wear.  yeah,   yeah, that's all.. yeah.  i can skiing.last time.  i think, maybe three or four years ago. so i went to the  nigata or nagano. i'm not sure,  so that time,  i went to with my friend, but   we didn't like the skiing all day. so, just maybe,  less then ten times just skiing. and had coffee and beer .and after skiing, i  went to the . yeah. and  we had relax time..no. i never played snowboard.yeah. so my feel is very  happy and fun. so  even though the weather is very bad, but  if i stand at the top of the mountain,  i can see the lovely view.yes.  yes. you are welcome... .. yeah.yes. i'm looking for the t-shirt for my friend. but  i'm not sure which size is better for my friend.so could you tell me the which is better?for my friend.so, my friend is  maybe a hundred eighty centimeter. and the weight is    maybe seventy-five kilogram. and then,  of course,  taller than me. so, and then, he likes the dark color.   and design is very casual .  so, which size is better?medium.so, o k, but medium size is  not same size.depend on the design. so,  o k.  o k. so do you have the another color, this one?yellow. how about orange? yeah. i see.  looks nice.o k.  so do you have the s size? this color .so, do you have a blue one?this s size.for me. o k. so, o k, i'll take  this one and this one.you're welcome. yeah.you're welcome.. .  yes. present.   so firstly, i think   so friend's hobby. yeah. . .  sorry.  not exactly hobby. so, hobby and fashion or  some item. so, if some my friend  usually wearing the   suit or formal. so i think the present is  similar bag or note or pencil, something.  if my friend usually wearing casual t-shirt or pants  present is shoes or caps or scarf is better. so  i don't think the expensive presents. very cheap and  looks nice and something.. ..o k. o k,  o k.  one day last week, so   ken and hanako went to the town to the cinema. and then,   when back to   home, so weather, so getting rainy. so suddenly, ken caught the some noise. so, and then     they looked for the small cat. and then hanako wanted to  bring the their house. but  the ken didn't say "yes.".  but she  really  wanted to bring the cat. and then, he's thinking. so, finally, they bring the cat together.. yes.   dog. do you know chihuahua? a small one.. i really want to  get this chihuahua. but expensive and i'm living at apartment and pet,  i cannot live together. looks very cute and pretty and always like a sad.  like. i wanted to touch and, o k, come baby. yes.  so i think, so, i have to take care the every day and of course the give the some meal. and have to  go outside, together.  specially, i talk the dog.   and dog   and then, so, animal is     not goods. they has a life. and then, how to think about  and take care, and then  it's very difficult.. yeah,  o k..today. so  after job, i go to, i'm sorry, say that  please?. . so maybe, i go home about six p m.yeah. i'll have a dinner with my friend.yeah...