good afternoon.my name is . o k.  i work for  corporation.i belong to the chemical section. usually we buy chemical commodity from european marketand then  i sell them to asian market, i have another job which is to check the achievement of my section.  it's so boring, you know. but it is so important the achievement of my section makes our salary... yes. and in addition,  so  also my job is so hard because i have a two market, you know. there is a time difference between them . so i usually work from eight o'clock a m to eleven o'clock p m.and it take one hour from my company to my house. i live in the  city.  city is next to the  city. i live alone. and my parents and older sister live in  city. you see?  it's a so country area. but . by phone or by e-mail.yes.   eveyrone has  the e-mail address,so it is easy for me to contact with them.yes my father is a engineer. he makes a diamond cutter.yes. .. you know, e-mail, it's convenient. because i usually use computer in the office. and  i have to check the e-mail at  every time everywhere so, my father  also  use the computer in the office. so,   it is better to use the computer.yes.yes. i also have the computer in my room. at home?  so usually i have to make some chart or some documents  for my work..usually. , almost  i use  for business but sometimes i check the internet because i went to some place  i don't know  the way to   go there, so i have to check the internet and i get the how to  go there.for example,  do you know the mapsite? so    it's tell me how to go to   some place.  for example, if i want to go to the ginza,  i will check the internet,and  this internet  tell me  what kind of subway, or what kind of way, or something? yes, i am.     but  i have never used   such a website. but so  interesting.  if i have a chance to use this website,   probably i will be exciting because   i can contact with a , foreigner .so, it's good idea. i think.so, i have no time. because i have my job, it's so hard.. yes.yes. ..   . can i start?yeah. . today is a fine day.  i can see three houses. and there is one big road in front of the houses. and then   one of houses has a big garden. i can see the four trees in garden. and  car is parked in front of the house. one of the house is my host family house.  i can see my host father. he is  , running now.  he runs every morning around here and he will join  the marathon race , which is hold the next month. and i can see the my host mother.  she is talking with her  friend  about the movie.  she went to the movie theatre on  last weekend and she watched the keanu reaves movie. and  they have  the one boy. he   play with the his friend using  the ball. and, i can see the two dogs. one is john,  the other is a joey. joey is not so smart, because sometimes she  makes a pee  in the house. yes. and  i can see the cat.  the cat is on top of car. and  i can see a man.     he is sitting down    the bench and he is  reading the newspaper. that's all.so, looks like my host father.and   i used to live  with my host family.    four months ago, i went to  the united state and i have a great time with my host family. and  it was so impress for me. so, and    i  now keep contact with them by e-mail or by phone still.  it's good memory.i think there is two difference   between them. one is size, the other is a cost. i think.  usually,  the house in united states has four    four bathrooms and big living.  in my house,   i have one living room and one bedroom. that's all. and  the other difference is as for the cost. probably it cost about     four million dollar to get the my house.yes. .?.  so    sorry  i think  one difference.   my host father has a children. but my neighbor doesn't have the any children. so it's a big difference. and also,  house style is little difference.  my  host father's house has one floor, but  my host family's neighbor has the two floor, you know. i think it's a difference.role-play. yeah...are you o k?hello.   speaking..  hi.  i'm sorry on my way to your house, i have accident.so,  i hit   the car. so, my car was broken, so  i have no way to go to your house. so, i'm sorry  i can't join   your party. but   i have to explain this situation to the police. and  the police is next to me.and police ask me to go to the police office.  probably it takes a long time to explain this situation. .yes. sorry,  but  if i reject his request, i have to stay   police office at a long time.    so i'm sorry it is impossible for me to go to your house.but, please say hello to  your friends and everybody and please hold  next party. i'd like to join them, the next party.yes.sorry....but, it's not fair. don't you think so?because  so it's serious and  it's my fault,   so i have to explain myself. explain this situation by myself. and also  i want to do. so,   i don't need your help. and  i want to solve this problem by myself. sorry. i'm sorry.yeah, too bad, i'm sorry.  please hold next party. thank you very much.yes.  in the united states   my friend hold a lot of party. in the america. yes. also  i sometimes hold the party  because i make the friends and  i enjoy drinking with my friends.it's good idea. for make a friendship. i like dance party. yes. i like music.yes. so, sometimes   we borrow the the disco. do you know disco? do you know   dance party area?and   we usually use dance all night. yes. it's good.it's fun.yeah. yes. .   no, last time.no.yeah..... one day last week,    i went   went to station and   so i had so important document in my bag.   and  i went to but the   was so crowded. and suddenly   someone hit me so    i dropped my bag. and  i  complained him but   he complained him he didn't know the anything, so he  didn't agree with me.    but, suddenly the train  came over.   i afraid of the bag was broken. but  after that,   i checked bag.   the bag was safety. and  bag doesn't have  any problem. after that, i called the station clerk. and  he  picked up the bag and   i could go to my company smoothly. this is end of story.yeah.  yes.  so after that,   i  tend to bring the my bag because i afraid of this situation. yes. i dropped my bag. the same situation. yes.but i didn't have them so important thing,but the c d player was broken.it is too bad. . probably. .  so, i'm sorry. . just the young man  came over and  he  hit me and i  dropped my bag on the rail.yes. but,    he didn't admit   it was his fault. .just  o k.  he was so  young man so  i changed mind. it's o k. so,  i said it's o k.so i just paid a lot of money to buy  new c d player.yes. i think so.yeah. i totally agree with you, but   when i was a young man, i had the same behavior.    so    i can't say anything, but now i will try to  have a good behavior now.that's good. yeah. i think so..thank you very much.   i will meet my friend,and i will go to movie theatre. yes. but i didn't decide what kind of movie  we will watch.thank you very much.