. . my name is  . nice to .yeah..these days  it is very colder compared with  before    at the beginning of a  this month, i think it was  warmerthan now.so  i don't know  why   these day is so cold. first, i switch on the air conditioner. yeah. and  stay in the . .yeah... prepare?. .?in the morning  first,    i go to bathroom.and  wash my face  in order to .  and  after that, i have a  light breakfast..   after breakfast,  i turn on the t v.and watching t v news.  i change my clothe to suit. and   after that,   i go to the office.. why? difficult. yeah. actually   usually, i don't buy newspaper. so my information source is only t v. so i  have to watch the t v news in the morning. . if   i don't do so,   i cannot  get  any information..   i like   .do you know? .it's  program of   television.and   the  announcers is  very cute .so i like this channel. so  actually  the contents of programs   is  same  other channels. i think in the morning,  every channels  broadcast  same news everyday. .  o k. this picture is  a classroom. . teacher is woman. and    she teach mathematics very hard. but   students  look  not so good.  a student   is eating chewing gum. and   some  student chatting with  their friends. and  someone  is  listen to the   while drinking juice. . i think   this class is not  good. . actually, when i was student  i also was  not so good students.. in fact,   during  classroom,   sometimes i eat  lunch before lunchtime.  and  sometimes, i was  . so  really,    i can feel  same feeling  of that a bad student.yeah.. . actually,   my score of a test in high school was a not so good. . but   after high school,    i went to  the  preparation school for university . and  i studied  there for one year. after that,  i passed  examination of university.. o k. yeah.  yesterday,  i bought a this jacket  in your shop.but  after i  went to back to my home and i try to  wear it. so as you can  see it  the size is a too big.so  if possible,  i want  get back money instead of it..i see. if so,   can you    adjust the size of this jacket?. yeah. some partscan be changed??. i see.  actually,     two weeks later,  i will go to indonesia and stay for four years.so i need this suites  by   the end of next week.so   please  fasten the  suites maker to adjust my suite.. no way? i see. so   do you know  other  tailors personally??shibuya?shibuya is  very near  for my house. so  please  teach me where  the tailor is located. o k.yeah.thank you.yeah.yeah...  yeah   i like clothing.  so  usually, i read  some fashion magazines  in the home or in the convenience store. so before  i go to shop to buy suit,  i almost decide a which suite is better for me. and after that,  in the shop,   i look for  my suite decided before and try to  wear it. if  the suite  is sfit for me, i buy it.yeah.. o k.   one day last week, it was  raining. and taro and hanako went out for dating. and    after enjoying a date,  they went back to their home together. on the way to home,    the beside of a road,  a small   carton box   was there. and  taro  had a some  strange sounds  from somewhere. and they were  looking around and finally found a this small carton box. and inside of this carton box, a very pretty and small kitty   was crying.  and hanako loved  the small kitty very much. and  hanako wanted  to bring it back to their house. but  their house was a too small  to live  with kitty. so taro  deeply  considered it. . but hanako strongly want it. so  taro finally allowed to bring it back. and then,  they  went back to their home  with the kitty.? last date.    i don't know it was date or not.  so actually,  tomorrow, i will get married girlfriend.just a plan. just a plan. . so  these days,  i and my girlfriend  look for  the party space  for our wedding party. so  every weekend, every holiday, we go around the city and some restaurant, hotels. actually, i don't like  to do that. but my girlfriend strongly ask me to .yeah.yeah.   we have  three candidates.but  we haven't  decided yet.yes. . thank you . yeah. very much.