my name is .i'm fine, thank you.i lived in hong kong and singapore. singapore.  i went to a british schoolfor four years. yeah.friends.  i had many different friends from many countries. mostly, they're british people but  there is a  australian, indian, brunei, chinese.yeah. not all, but some of them.by letters and e-mail.this  school? .  it was  british school so they did   all the lessons in english.   they divided you into level groups.they do it here in , too but   there were more lessons that were divided.. i belong to the dance club.dance club. it's about mostly three times per week.and sometimes     before we do it in front of many people,then we have  everyday nearly.. ..   the dance club here, they do hip-hop, jazz, lock,  house.yeah..how did i get ? i used to do ballet. and now i don't do it anymore, but i really like ballet.and i always wanted to try to dance.so when i came to , i thought maybe  i wanna try dancing. it's really fun.yeah..i have a father and mother and my younger sister.my younger sister is in grade seven. and she goes to a normal japanese junior high school. yeah. i used to play games or talk and go shopping sometimes together. but now,   after i graduated junior high school and came here, i'm really busy.. i have club activities and also the lessons here are really hard.and we have many homework to do. and researches and report.and talk to the class about what you researched.yeah.., but she is also busy..yes. . because  like  this school, all the students,  they really are enthusiastic.like school events.  and it's really fun making it all by yourselves.before in junior high school, all the teachers decided everything. decide  want to do.yeah..?  there is a road and there is one house on the left-hand side. there is a girl skipping a rope on one side outside the window. and there's a car parked nearby with a cat on the top.  there're two ladies talking. one of the ladies has a dog.  there are two boys playing outside in the garden. they're playing  maybe volleyball. and there are two dogs also outside the other side of the window. and they're facing each other. and there is a man jogging.  .yeah. on the other side of the road, there is a man sitting down on the bench reading a newspaper.in singapore? the differences?.  the place where i lived in singapore was an apartment, not a house. and  there were lots of apartments in my area so  there was trees, but there wasn't much green. lots of many buildings around. and there were many shops. so it's more urban.. . there was a pool nearby my apartment so people in my apartment went there oftenbecause it's summer all season in .you can always go swimming. in japan?free day?  don't see much people.yeah.my parents, they either stay at home or  sometimes we go shopping.yeah, shopping mostly when we go ,or else eat somewhere..yeah.?.o k..hello.  i'm at the train station now and i just found out that the train i wanted to go just left right now. so i can't use my ticket anymore and i was wondering if you could  refund my money so  i can have my money back. i thought it was  thirty minutes later. and i didn't look at the ticket well. and i just realize right now.yes. but  this money is really  quite expensive and i've been saving this money just  to go to use this train. so if i don't get on this train, the  useless so if i could have the money back... o k. if that,  so i have to pay five hundred?.o k.five hundred yen ischeap enough.yes.yes.o k.o k.yes. you know,  and you can go in anytime you want..?  what do you ?. say  i overslept.no. .i will go to the teacher and say, yeah.say sorry   that i overslept today...yeah.not three times.i'm not sure how many times, but  ten times or , and  and it is the same as if you miss one lesson.something like that.it's not that bad. i'm not usually  late for school.should i be looking from whose point ?o k.o k.  one day last week, there were two sisters who were planning to go to go camping in the mountains.   so they prepared  to go camping. the younger sister got the tent ready, and the old sister   was packing the torch. and surprise, that they were going to eat over there. and they packed their bags and they went on the car and they set off.  they arrived at the camping ground.  and they put the tent up. besides the tent, they had curry ready and rice so they could eat it for dinner. after they put the tent up, the rain started falling heavily. so they decided that they couldn't spend the night here because it was getting worse and worse. so the tent blowed away and all the foods and the chairs also blown away. so the rain was getting really strong. so they decided to go to the car, get on the car, and they went to a nearest hotel. they went to the hotel cosmos. and they stayed there that night  so they didn't  have to get wet in the rain.. not today.   i have a play tomorrow.  in conversation class, we're doing a play.and it's tomorrow.so i have to practice for that..yeah..