 my name is .sure.fine, thank you. how about you? not yet.probably yes. i think i'm gonna go home first and then relax a little bit. and then maybe i'm gonna cook something for myself.. i live in ... right..   there are so many people living there.     i can't find any good points of living there but it's just a quiet town to live. and then  for example on weekends,  sometimes you have to dress up to go to a convenient store, right? but  it's not that kind of town. so i can wear jersey and then  i don't have to wear a makeup to go out. so it's  very comfortable, in a way, . to worry anything at all.it's not my hometown but i'm from  ... right.right. i was born in  january.so my mom gave me this name....  it's kind of difficult, because i lived in  when i was really, really young.  until i was a high school student, i lived in . and then, i think  when i have to live in , then i have to get a driver's license because     there's no shopping place. and then you always have to  drive your car to go somewhere. so it's really inconvenient.but again, it's really quiet and then i can enjoy nature a lot. yeah. so but in , probably, there are so many people   everywhere i go. and then  sometimes that makes me  feel uncomfortable.... since i love watching movies and i often watch movies at home. i love to go see a movie in a theater but i don't have time to go. these days, i tend to stay home and  watch movies. but the problem is that  i'm tired, working hard. so  i tend to sleepwhen i .recently. it's a difficult question.  i can't remember but  last one. probably i saw the "unusual suspect". .. unusual?.suspect..right, right, ...  first of all, usually i ask my friends who knows a lot about movies. and  if they say  it was a good movie, then i just rent it. so there is no special reason. but sometimes i check the trailer on t v. and then if  it looks interesting, then i would go see a movie. but  again it's kind of difficult..o k.o k. so can i start?o k. there is a room of a young girl. and then   i guess she is using a computer. and then  she is showing something to her pets. but  the pets are sleeping, a cat is sleeping on the bed and then a dog is on the floor. and then  i don't know why she has a typewriter next to computer. maybe she use both. and then  it's, i guess, nine o'clock.  probably this is a weekend. so she is relaxing herself a little bit in a room. and then  also the door is open.. i usually check e-mails because     because some people send me some e-mails about my work so i have to check it every night. it's kind of annoying because sometimes i get a lot of e-mail but i'm too busy to check but i have to respond it quickly.  but  i think it's useful to use it.and then sometimes i  buy a ticket  i don't know, next month the yankees gonna come to play.  so i got a ticket last time through the internet. and then it was really convenient. so i think  the computer itself, it's a very good tool.right. .. i agree with it. . because  i usually don't  read newspapers. but when i check the internet, then i can get all kinds of news from all over the world. so yeah. and then  for example, some of my friends are in united states. and then they wrote me something by e-mail and then, you know, they tell me something big happened over there. and then so .o k.o k.sure... i'm ready. hi. this is   speaking. i'm sorry that  i couldn't  attend the party  last night, actually.i'm so sorry.  i was trying to call you but your line was busy. so i couldn't reach you. ..right.  there was a big accident happened. so  i was in a hurry. and then that time, i forgot to call you. i was completely out of my mind. and then  i had to go back to my  hometown to  because my mom  she called me. and then said   i don't know, she fell down from stairs. and then  that time, she was in hospital. so i had to go see her.right, right, right. but  since my brother is in  and then my father, he was away from home. so and then   i don't know, she didn't know what to do. so probably she called me. and then   i mean, she sounded very upset. so..right. i know. so i'm gonna call them. and then say sorry. and then probably   i'm gonna tell them what happened yesterday..she's o k.yeah.  but next time, if you have a party, another one, please invite me again...thank you. not really. .  again, on weekends i have to work sometimes. i mean these days i have to work. so i really don't have time for myself either.so again,  like when i have some free time, i have to do like  i have to wash my clothes and i have to clean up my room and so on. so i really don't have time to go out with my friends. last time. that was   at the beginning of this year. i was in . and then  that was  during new year holidays. and then    i mean,   my family and i didn't do something special. but    we just stayed in a room and then watched t v. that's all, ..o k.o k. can i start?o k. so one day last week,  my boyfriend was driving a car to go to his office. and then the other guy who was on a scooter, he was talking on a cellphone.  probably his girlfriend called him and then  he was talking on a phone. and then probably he was careless.  he didn't know that  the car was coming towards him. and then     the guy  dropped his cellphone  and then  my boyfriend was really surprised. and then    he didn't hit  his motorbike. but   he stopped the car. and then the guy on a   motorbike complained that his cellphone was broken. and then the police came. and then my boyfriend explained what happened. and then he said  that  the accident wasn't his fault.  and then the police wrote some report. and then finally, the truck cake and then  the guy towed a motorbike to a repair shop.no..never... but sometimes   it's useful    to get something, to get a ticket. like sometimes people have to check my name, .then i can show my driver's license as an i d. . not yet.  mine is  blue.right.right. ..yeah.o k. yes,  i have to work tonight.. but yeah, that's it. .right... yes. i like spring a lot. . so i might go shopping on my way home.stop by at ..yeah.thank you. you, too.