my name is .yes.nice to meet you. i'm o k. but i'm so nervous.. you know, students  don't want to take a test.   i also don't want to take a test... ...  my school is  near . do you know  in  area?   the school's name is . but this year, i have an opportunity to study english and english education in a university in . so this year, i don't teach english. . the school is very  comfortable and  some students are very noisy but  the atmosphere in the school is o k, i think. not  school.yeah.no.yeah.  i get up  usual time, because  i have two children.  and i go to university and take some  lectures and study and come back. and take care of my children and my husband. that is my usual schedule. . english and english education..yeah.    that is   very good question. because  when   i'm teaching english,  only i give  english something to students not to get english atmosphere or english  educational things. so i decided to study again,  put many good activities or   much information and i can give them to students again. . so i decided that..yeah. . students  junior high school students.yeah.  i think when i teach them,    maybe i am a very strict teacher  and they are very good. and at first, when i changed the school before , i was teaching in . and when i  changed the school  the students of the third graders  they are very   concrete . it  is because  they don't want to do activity. they only   sat down but  when i went then teach and doing some activities, they are changing. . and  now,  maybe the students of the area know   about my english style. so i think they are very  good at  my lesson..  is it the answer of your question?weekends.  we do to the park. .   and yeah, sometimes we play soccer  or we go shopping or  that kind of things.   but my husband is very busy. he's not a teacher.  i think  some teachers are very   because they have some club activities on sunday.  i think   their wives   don't like them to do that. but  my husband is also very busy    on monday to   friday.   he has so hard job, so maybe he  wants to stay in our  house  on saturday and sunday. but children want to play with him because children  don't see  in the morning and  at night   their father. so it's not good, so i take them to out.. . yes. yeah. o k. today is a very  beautiful day.and   there are some houses and a big house. in front of the house,  a girl is playing tag.    she is very pretty and she is happy because she wants to play outside the room.   in front of the house  are these boys, they are playing with the ball. and  two dogs   or   barking. and in front of the house, there is a car and on the car roof,  a cat is sleeping.  she is very tired. and two women are talking about their families, maybe about their husbands or something. and one woman   takes a dog. and the dog is looking at the  man. he is  sitting on a chair and reading newspaper. he wants to take much information, maybe.yeah.?..  yeah. . about  neighborhood,  there are so many kids. so  they go outside, yeah, and take some games or something. but  in my neighborhood,  we have so small area, so we don't have such kind of garden. . so we have a big park. they go to the park. but   this area people have  very big  garden. so they can play in their own garden, i think. and the same thing is  people like chatting  about my neighborhood.  they want to talk about something.  and this is the same, i think. and we don't take some dogs. because   my area is   not country side.. so we don't have dogs... .yeah. hi. hello? this is  speaking.o k. hi.  i want to talk about my tour. i paid much money. but    i joined that but  that was a little   different from my  plan.so could you talk about  that kind of things to somebody? is it o k to talk to you?o k?  you know, i paid much money about that  tour.. i wanted to stay in a very expensive room,  you said to me. but    the room was not good.which was no   rest room.and the meal was only one meal.  you told me three meals a day. but only one meal.  what was happened about that? i paid another things, when i joined that. ..yeah. yeah. yeah.   i want you to pay back or to join another tour.why? it's ..i am a chairman of the claim of the customers.so my  other friends joining the tour  wanted to me to talk about that. i am a  representative of the tour. ?.yeah.. . yeah. so could you do that? yeah.o k.yeah. that's o k.. .thank you.yeah.yeah.. yeah.  i heard.. yeah.yeah.    my friend went to  italy or france. . and   she   wore a very beautiful clothes because she is a . o k?  i think when we go to the european country,   i heard some dirty shirts and dirty jeans are very  safe for us. but     she didn't know that. and that was her first trip and she wanted to go  very beautiful countries, you know, and she  joined the european something tour. and she  wore so some beautiful clothes. .  it's a little tricky but i heard that same thing  some european people     broke wine or something. . and she didn't do anything but  person said   it's her fault. so she had to pay money. but it's a very cheap wine. . but she paid a lot. because she didn't know the wine's brand or   so the price or something. yeah. because he knew she had  much money. and   maybe  he knew  she  was the very  naive or nervous person. . yeah, yeah, yeah.yeah...yeah..yeah... so this is me?. yeah.o k. one day last week, i went to a very expensive restaurant with my  senior. . he is my boss. and   which restaurant is very famous. and  usually i can't  go to such kind of restaurant. . so  my boss  invited me. so i said i wanted to go. . and the restaurant was very expensive, you know, so he didn't  call.  only one person to join. . and my boss was always  goes to such kind of restaurant. so he knows . and  the day last week,  he took some reservation  at the restaurant. and he said  i could order anything  so  i ordered  many, many  things. and   usually, i am very poor so i ate a lot. and  the dinner was so delicious that i could eat  much  more than usual. . and i didn't have to pay at all. so i'm very happy. my stomach  was full of  delicious meal. and my heart is full of something. ?but maybe he was not full of money.  because the restaurant was so expensive. but   he is rich. so it's o k.     i'm sure i worked harder than usual. because when i worked harder, he can  invite me to go to such kind of restaurant, i think. so we  said good-bye. and i was very happy. o k?. yes. ... it's a very good for us to be relaxed or one thing is to talk about something for me about the school or about the students. so he or she  can help me and i can help them. and one is  outside of the school,   i think, we have to  take attention to other things not only the working things, students  or school. but also, we have to think about another kind of things. so  i think  outside, we can get much information   we can use in school,or lessons. and  main point is to be relaxed.that is very important for me. and we have such energy. we can do ..yeah. i'm not sure, but  about  one hour and half. .yes. but  i'm very happy to be here.that's good.. ,is not happy things for me. yeah.sure. yes.yes. studying is for me.it's  about myself. cooking is for my family.not me. so it's very  different. we have some very differences between them. yeah.thank you...