good afternoon.. my name is .nice to meet you. i live in  city now.yes.  i live in,   do you know the  station?maybe? i live    near the  station. it takes about  fifty minutes on foot from my house to  station.   . the nature is very beautiful  but    a little big. . there are     five  hundred thousand people  live in  city.   and   there are  many hot springs  around the  city. so  very comfortable to live.but  costs for every thing is  very high.yes.for example,   real estate is    very expensive. so we cannot buy   large  land. so     we have to live in small, narrow  space..yes, i live with my wife.  we have not had   children yet. but  in this august,  i will become a father.yes. now my wife is pregnant.for fifth month.. i'm very looking forward to seeing my child..  as i told you   now my wife is pregnant, and  our doctor told us   not to   active   frequently. so   from  the end of the last year   to  last month,     we  stayed in my house,    because  i bought   a  new house, and moved to my new house last christmas. we  had    to  our new house. so almost every holiday,  we spend   most of time in my house.thank you very much.yes.yes.    . a couple  come to the restaurant to have a special dinner  tonight because  tonight is their first anniversaries day for  their marriage. so    he made a reservation for the table,of this day    a month ago. . this restaurant is very popular  and   people say that    we can eat  many good meals in this restaurant. so   it is very difficult  for us to make reservation   in this restaurant. but   so he made a reservation  more than once a month.usually? . nothing.nothing. but     only to  back home earlier than usual, and  when the anniversary day is the holiday,   we go to  restaurants for dinners. but  if it is the week days,    we don't do anything.anything.but   i   tell my wife my  thanks.  i express  my  thanks to my wife.. yes.yes.yes.excuse me? .i want to go to new york  as soon as possible. so what  will i do? . yes.. what is the  fastest train?yes.. yes, so i want to buy the ticket for super train.. how much is it?. so   what is the department time?one thirty? yes.. so what time is the next train?two o'clock? yes, so i want buy the ticket,please.  one way please. .thank you very much.yes,i like traveling.usually,  i travel by my car,  drive my car. in the last trip,   i went to my home town,because we didn't  we could not  back to our hometown in the new year's day. because    it  became clear that my wife  was pregnant. so    last week, i went to  my hometown, and   met my parents, my brothers and my wife's parents and brothers.  we had a good time.yes.yes.yes.one day last week,  she went to department store to buy her father's birthday present. and    she  bought a  tie    for her  father's present. . after she bought  the present,  she found that    there were final sale  for  shoeses and clothes. it costed down from thirty percent to fifty percent. so  she decided to buy  shoes and clothes for herself. and  finally  she  spent a lot of money,. i prefer to buy at department store because   there are many goods  compare to  small stores in department store. and there are many kind of stores, so       we don't have to move.  . . i like to go to seibu store or takashimaya department store.. yes. . there isn't a takashimaya department in  city. . but there is    seibu department store. . when we  want to go to takashimaya department store, we go to .yes.. no reason, but   takashimaya department in  is  very  new. new.  it opened   last year.and  it is very huge department. so i like. . and it combine with the tokyu hands.in the     same  building. so  it is very convenient for us.thank you very much.yes.. very difficult. . but       i want to  keep  father's  right and father's  very difficult to express, but  i don't want to become a friend with my  child. and  i want to a real father. thank you very much.yes.