good afternoon.yes, my name is ..  i was very busy this morning  because  my boss  has just left to  united states  on business trip so i had to prepare many things...i'm from  city.yes. i was born and grew up in , same place..yes, very much.  as many people know,  food is very delicious, and    there are lot of familiar people  specially around my hometown. so i like  very much. yeah.. i came here by train.that's  only two stations from   to my nearest station.yes, .family.   i have a mother and the younger brother and sadly my father has died thirty year agoyeah? so  and  i'm still single, even thirty-two and also my brother is twenty-nine still single so  we three live together and my brother is now working at a   small   export company and  now he is thinking of change the company because  he is very interested  in the chinese market so  he is speak more fluently than me   but  he tries to study chinese now. and  on the other hand   i used to learn indonesian language  because  i  loved at bali island.  so i need  i want speak indonesian, but now  i have to study english first  i stopped to my indonesian, now.yeah.yes. i don't know soon or near future, but i'll try soon.yeah.yes..no, not .. just describe?yes.  the picture is     town, small . i think it's a  foreign country's  town.  there is a  i can see the big house  surrounded by a big trees and green and  there are  i think it's very  safety town because     children playing with ball  and some  a girl is  playing with rope and the  two women talking on the road. and  even the cat is  sleeping on the  of the car.  i think it's a      sunday noon because the sun is over   the car .that's all..yes.   big difference is i can see no greens around my house because i live in a very crowded    city so  i envy that green and  big space for play, . and also my house is very very small so  it's the  next biggest difference,with this.yeah.yeah.yes.o k.. i'm ready.yes.  now i'm planning  to go abroad on my vacation but i have no idea where should i go or where i want to go. so  could you recommend any place?..o k.  i think  it's a good idea because   i'm not interested in sightseeing or shopping.  i just want to relax over there. so, maybe bali or guam is good for me. and, i can afford to spend ten days there. so,   which is better  for spend ten days, bali or guam?bali?how come? i see. that's right yeah.. i can afford to spend ten days but i can't afford  to spend much money, so  do you have any discount package for bali?.that's all.  is it the cheapest which you have now?. .... really. and do you have any  brochure for the tour?o k. thank you.     o k.  should i have to pay  some fee now?      to keep my name i don't know what to say.. really. o k. . o k.  now i have to ask my friend if she like to go with me. so, i'll come again. it's o k?thank you very much..  i've been there with my pretty close friend. and she used to been to bali before we go,   actually   i just eat and slept.by  beach side. only one day i've been to sightseeing for budu  but  just relaxed.   i went to get  traditional bali massage for two kinds and i  just spend the whole day on beach side.yeah.yeah. you should. .thank you. a one day last week the woman went to department store to buy  birthday present  for her husband      and she chose the nice tie  for present  and got it. then   after that she found the final sale of   lady shoes  and i think she bought it. and after that she also found  a lady clothes it's on the bargain fifty percent off so she also bought it.  finally  she left the department with a  lot of stuff  and  most of the stuff is for her.. . when i want to buy a skirt, i image the skirt. and for example, gray short skirt or long skirt and i hop the many shops, many department store to meet a right one.i don't buy it at once.yeah.. no, nothing special.yes. i always stay in japan in new year holiday. no reason. you, too. .somewhere, in japan?no?no. in new years?.  and next year you go somewhere for this year?to what?travel, yes.. do you have any  plans for ,any countries?... .yeah, you should go, yeah.no, i like swimming very much but i don't have it...... this is very hard to breathe?o k. .. .. and you've got the license in japan?.four days.i should try. .yeah, you, too.thank you very much.