 my name is .yes. i used the  line. my house is  -. . i'm kind of quite newcomer in .  last april, i was moved to . so i'm not familiar  still now. before? in -. but  i had a little son  now who go to kindergarten. so i thought  it's a good timing to move to the new place before entering kindergarten. so we decided to move to  new place. we decided to . asked me such a question, but quite frankly, no reason.  yeah  just looked around that place  and condition and price and think about a lot of things, too. and finally decide  quite a reasonable price at the .my son? . now he is   four years old. yeah. it's a lowest class the kindergarten now. and this april  he is going to enter now middle class in kindergarten. now  he love fight  like a t v hero. so everyday, say he wake up  he try to pretend to be hero.he try to kick a something to me.  .. i think my son is a  kind of very  good kid. and i'm so worried about because that kind of age, quite very difficult to grow.yeah. but he is a kind of good, so i'm very worried about maybe he think to play good person or try to be good for adult. so  everyone knows   when he is in childhood, he pretend to be good, maybe he had a lot of stress. and that's a his real nature, so i think now he try to be more natural way like another child. so  i'm worried about now he is very good kid for adult. .  very lucky.yeah. i like  i like to skiing. so in this season, i've quite a lot of fun in ski .. really?   it     sorry, i say japanese.  it's a very beautiful place on . white snow  covered on green or brown or something. so very beautiful and very   clean. white and cold   and a lot of beautiful  i can enjoy a lot of white landsacape covered all white.so i like a kind of such a place. .yes.   there is a man and woman, maybe  two are enjoying a date or something in good restaurant, maybe french restaurant or something. and  waiter suggested, "this is very good wine". and   the man are glad to  trying the taste of wine. and his face are  quite good, so maybe wine is good for him. and after this picture, maybe, the woman will enjoy wine. and   time is a seven o'clock, and maybe dinnertime.   playing a piano, and  .  customer are enjoying the music. and    there are three tables in the restaurant.  there are quite a room in this restaurant, i mean, table is separated another table. so very good mood, and they can enjoy talking and chatting, but worried about any other person listen that they are chat. . italian and also japanese  is that. my favorite restaurant.  now  i said before, my kids is not big, so now that i didn't go to the restaurant because it's not good, the little kids is shouting or something in restaurant. so we always go to the mcdonald or something, family restaurant, denny's or jonathan. not o k. . as i said before, my son is not shout, but if with another    child like to be exciting. so  very  is o k.. i see.yes. i have a problem.  i have a ticket, but  the train that i have to get on is now going. so i need to change this ticket to  another next train.  but  i have to go that place, so i need a another ticket, but i don't have a any extra money, so i have to change this ticket. so  is that anyway to change this ticket?   i have a some problem   in my house. so i  had a some accident at home, so i need to go at that time. so  please .?  it's a very kind of you. thank you very much.thank you very much.ticket problem. i never had a ticket problem. yes.last trip.  yes. last weekend, my family went to   in  because  is my husband's home place.so   we have grandparents in  so   my husband and me took my son to go  to see grandparents. one day last week    i thought  to make something good cooking for my friend.  but  when i open the refrigerator, there was a empty. so i decided to go to supermarket by my car, and i  took  some  goods to make my  dish. and  i put grocery in  i don't know that name, so big cart  and i pay the money for groceries. and to put the  goods to  my car. and finally, i successfully to cook for eggs..  weekly, my husband are the late to  come home. so usually  my son and me had a dinner or lunch  in only two person. so    i made a lunch and  dinner for my son. i'm thinking a nutrition for my son.  and  he doesn't like a vegetable, so i try to mince on something to hide that vegetable in that dish. so  hamburg steak, or stew or curry is that his favorite dish, so i often make such a kind of dish. after this interview?. it's a beautiful day. but   i have a  appointment, no.  not a appointment.  today   usually my son is going to kindergarten, but today is a special day  of the kindergarten. and    o k, some special day. so today    drawing  something making  paper or something the  kindergarten's child made...