. my name is ..yeah, sure.. my hometown is in   in  ..     i think i like it very much. . it's very , but  it surrounded by  nice mountains and river. and   it's very you know,   relaxing town.   i've been here  since  you know, i got married. so i've been in there for seven or eight years. . i like  this town very very much. . and also it's very close to tokyo. . some of the people  say that " it's very far.". but i don't think so because if you can get on the  bullet train,  so it's very easier to access to the central tokyo, of course down here in the . so   it's very convenient. so that's why i like it very much.my wife? .     she has been  a little bit  ill for the past two or three weeks. . but  we don't know the exactly why she's been ill because   even if she consulted some doctors, and also got the medical check, but   no clear reason   came out. so that  now,      she is going to see  not you know,  western way,  but  you know, oriental way. so that  i hope she will recover from that situation as soon as possible. . one of my  is that    sometimes my  mother  visits us  to see my children   just seven years old, and also just four years. so i think this is  kind of  to her. . so sometime i ask my mother  not to visit   my house so often. so    i don't know   when she will  good in condition or not.   but situation is not so bad. so yeah, she must be very optimistic,  i think.. now i am  interested in research  concerned with   you know,  english education. . what i'm interested in  recent day is the testing  just like here. but not speaking.  i'm interested in listening comprehension test. so  i'm very busy you know, making up a research paper to be submitted to some  organizations or publisher. so  i'm very busy.  and also of course i have a work. so  i have to  care about the club activity. now i belong to  club, and sometimes  practiced  together with students by myself. . but it's very fun.  so  i'm busy, but i'm very very satisfied with current life ..why? why? . it's very long time. when i was  maybe seven or eight years old, i learn drawing. but i wanted to stop it because  i don't like it so much.  i asked my mother and my father. so they said "so you can stop drawing, but  you have to start other thing instead of that.". so that   fortunately my  younger brother was going to start . so  i joined him. . that's   the first experience i started . . can i drink of that?yeah..  . she is sitting on the chair just in front of   her personal computers. . but    she found that   some interesting t v program  is on the air from the television in her room. so that now she just stopped   you know, typing or something  in front of personal computer. . and  a cat is sleeping on the bed. and a dog is , maybe sleeping, but i'm not sure, on the floor. . and the door is open. . and she is also using  old-fashioned typewriter. . . .yes, .. that's a good question.  . now first of all,  it's  much much more easier going to contact with    friends especially who are in the foreign countries. and   particularly,  sometimes i have to have my research paper  proof-read, by,  you know,  foreigners or   who  interested in my research. and of course, he or she has to  have  in  higher  level of  english or skills in the .  but  a long time ago,  when we  did not have personal computers,  i have to go to the post office,  and say "please   send this mail to  england or united states, but .". so it you know,  took about one or ten days. and then   back and forth. so it really took me  much much time. but now for example, in case of  britain,  just before sleeping to my bed, i send my e-mail with the    to the england. so and    you know,  the next morning,  i just found the e-mail is already coming back. so i was very . i was very happy to see that. . .it's very convenient. am i have to read?in japanese?.. . .    yes. i'm ready.    this says the destination is not decided, yet.anywhere.. but i'm thinking that    even if i do not have any destination in mind, i'll never go to travel agency... it's a role-play... i'd like to go to       beach resort to relax myself.. so do you have any place to be recommended to mein the next winter season, i mean the during this winter vacation?. guam.  i'm afraid  the, you know, terrorism.  because of terrorism in  manhattan,  guam is very dangerous place because it's you know, a part of america. so could you show me another  place  instead of the part of united states?bali? . bali sounds nice. . but i don't like it so much flight. i guess  it takes about ten hours from narita to jakarta or  something. so could you show me   places in which  we can easily access? .domestic. domestic area.. but i don't want to be seen by japanese so   i hope the overseas. . could you show me another place?. cebu island.the cebu, i think there's also dangerous because of  you know,   i have heard that there is  kind of  terrorist    such as al quaida. so i've heard that the ministry of foreign  warned that we japanese should refrain from travel in philippine.. everywhere. but the risk is much much higher in cebu. .. i got idea. how about  thailand   malaysia? .o k... thank you.yeah.  .. usually. . what i mean that  i never go to travel agency  before. i decide the destination.of course, i go sometimes travel agency. .usually plan. how. . basically i like it individual  touring in these days. but  now i'm getting older and older, sometimes  i feel irritating or annoying. for example, just imagine that    you get up on  fly on the airplane in the foreign countries, and you haven't decided yet anything, where to stay,    how to buy a something. so at this point, we have to decide where to stay  tonight, how to go there. so  sometimes i feel   it's a little bit  annoying things in these days.so group tour is much more easier...  . ?  for one day last week?   i see.    . . one day,    not boys, two men and one woman   visited theater  to see a movie. and before  watching the movie, they got   two or three cups of juice and maybe snacks including popcorns or something. and then as cinema started, they enjoy watching the cinema,  eating snacks and drinking a juice. and the cinema was  maybe about   maybe   kind of action films. so  a airplane crashed  into green field  for some reason. and    they were very refreshed  at the watching the movie.. .yeah. .. just a little bit. i have to join class in four thirty .?yes. .long day. yes. very much. thank you.