yes. my name is .nice to meet you, too.fine thank you, and you?yes. very busy.my job?  i work for  corporation.  you may not know the name of  corporation but it's a trading company.   it use many kind of  things. especially, i belong to a textile division and  the name of section is import goods international division. , it  deals   with  many brands such as , ,  , , such kind of brands and i make   of each brand like  if there is a exhibition in japan,    i offer   make a ship out  before the exhibition and  import the goods. yes.expensive things.  before i  work as a  man,  i didn't know that such  brands are not so expensive as it is sold in store.  that is  the price we import is as about  one fourth the price as it is sold in store so i think it's  stupid to buy as a price in store. my mind changed.not at a store. .. .sometimes, yes.yes.  sometimes on saturday  also.weekends.  i rest at home until noon and as i belong to a  fashion division, i often go to see the  store in department store and also around  where the many  fashion store is in.hobbies. yes.  i used to  belong to a ice hockey club in university, so i sometimes go  practice   with my  university colleague.  yes.yes. .yes.  many people say that there are no places to play ice hockey.but there are four ice arenafor all season in  area, so   we can play ice hockey in all year around..yes.  this is a     no, a snow mountain and it shows  people enjoying skiing and    enjoying skiing. and  on top of the picture,  man is enjoying snowboarding. and there are lifts with  no person, and on the bottom of the picture,  the instructor is calling the students to come down  but one student are  fell down and he looks  in trouble.   and on the left side of the picture,     boys are playing  snow fights.  they look enjoying  throwing snowball. also   in the lodge, a     man and woman are   talking and it seems that inside is very warm and   they seem  resting in a cabin. .why?  when i was a little, i used to live in    and then the place was . do you know ?  cold place. and  so as i went to elementary school out there,  the pond  become icery.. it freeze. so   as  other my friend   played ice hockey,  i played ice hockey there. but i did not play ice hockey when i was in junior high or high school, but i  started to play ice hockey again in university.yes. in japan. when i was playing ice hockey in ,  it was very  little, the playing.there were no checks. you know checks? the ? body check?  there were no body check in those ages, but  in the university age,  there are many , physical checks in a play so it's a most difference. but it's maybe difference in the age. yes.of course. .is this situation should be on the phone?so i call. hello?   are you the  manager of my house? .yes .this is  speaking., hello.  when i got back to my house, the window was broken.yes, and i'd like to repair as soon as possible because it's  snowing outside.could you  call somebody to come to my house?tomorrow?  how can i  sleep tonight if the window is broken so i cannot sleep since the room is so cold.blanket?   maybe i'll repair  by tape.but is it sure that tomorrow morning  the  somebody will come to repair the window?are you sure? ..   since  tomorrow is a monday, i leave for work so i'll tell my  wifeto wait until the repair man come. is that o k?could you tell them that please  come to my house by noon?yes.o k. thank you. good night. thank you very much. when i was a little.? how?  when i was in , i was about the age of four or five or six or about  the little age, so most of memories has gone. like my english skills have become low. .thank you. ?. when.   maybe i was speaking . i don't know.  even now i don't remember. now?now  i live in a dormitory   in .not at ..enjoying . yes..one day last week, a man was driving a car  beside the   the tree and he was about hundred kilometer  and  at the other side,   other man was  riding a motorcycle  talking with   with his girlfriend and he was concentrating  with talking with his girlfriend.   and there was car notice that he was coming toward him  but    he could not   he hit the motorcycle when he was  going through him and the car hit motorcycle and the man riding motorcycle dropped his handy phone on the road and the problem  become. and the man with motorcycle is arguing  that  the handy phone had  broken, that is that he was not watching  the man in the car was not watching actually, so he's arguing to  have another new handy phone and  they called policeman and the policeman was taking a note   and they each gave their own phone number to contact in order to contact after   to buy new handy phone and  also, the motorcycle was also broken and the man with motorcycle could not ride  motorcycle on that day. so he called      towing car and the towing car came and the towing car took his motorcycle to a repair shop and he saw off.mobile phone has changed.. yes i have.  many people have become   not so strict because    when i have a appointment with you,    noon, and i have a work, but i think that if i call you before noon, it would be o k not to go  not to meet at noon, but before we had a  mobile phone, we could not have a contact once we promised  on the time so people became very rude, maybe.   appointment will be changed easily. so i think  sometimes it's very useful but      sometimes not so good.yes... not in  near future..yes, i'm interested in china.i mean, asia.yes.  i have never been to  asia since i visited asia as a graduating  trip  but i did not know that asia was such a  fun place. i had visited only europe and  united states, so it's very different. and it's very interesting and i like to visit china because i've not visited china before. i've visited  thailand    when as a graduating trip so i'd like to visit china.of course not...