good afternoon. my name is . to meet you.yes.very good. now i live in .yes.?i was born in  and   grow up in . but two years ago,   i and my familymoved to . i live in . because    in ,      there is a big condominium, and  we want to live in the   high place. and now, my house is on the twentieth .. . we can look very great view. we moved to ..yes.    four times a week.. from  station?i ride on the  lineto . from , i always walking ..train? . or reading a book.. yes, sometimes.but,every day,   i go to the part-time job,and i     ride on the train  in the ,rush hour time, so i .  my part-time  job is telephone operatorfor unicef.  by phone, people call to us and they donate money for unicef and we receipt and  i use the computer,   and i treat their order.for unicef.do you know unicef?. unicef is a   company.   unicef is a company in the u s a for  poor children.so, we donate the for children, and the children can take a medicineor  can go to a hospital.. yes, , too.yes. i think this is a  electrical store.and there is two person. one of them is clerk in the store, and the other one is customer. and customer asked to the clerk  maybe about a watch. he want to buy a watch in this store.  and, there is  some kind of electrical items in the store, for example, big t v and small t v and telephone,  fax phone, and  audio items, and c d  players. and  on the wall, there is a clock.      now, time is three o'clock.  the clock's color is yellow.you're welcome.    i want to have a big t v.yes.because   there is a t v in my house,but  it always .and when we are watching t v,     sometimes the t v suddenly turn black. so i  want to buy it. now i live in , so nearest big city is  .and in  station,    there are two big  electrical stores,sakuraya and big camera.so, i always go to big camera,because i have a  for big camera.yes. yes.... sometimes no.  because       t v in my  is made in ,and it is . and before  i    entered the university, i have a tape recorder,   ,and it was made in   taiwan.taiwan. . .  but,     i know that sony or panasonic and so on, japanese company's goods is very good, so if  it looks good,  i'll take it,maybe... excuse me.    i'm looking for  my new house. i live in alone, and i have a cat and a dog. so,   can i give me a information about  that kind of house?. thank you.  if i choose b,  is it far from the station?how about a?.?ten minutes?o k. i want to   live near the station.but,  i think   house a is on a ground floor, but i want to live    much higher place. can i give me another .?how much is the   monthly fee?hundred thousand? .. i want to live in a house less than ten thousand..third floor.sixty thousand?  it's good. is it  unit bath or separated  toilet room and bathroom?unit bath?   can i have a  loft room??. o k.  is it a flooring floor??o k.    flooring floor is good for dog and cats.so  i want to live .yes.yes. thank you.yes.   i like condominium.because,    i am a only child.and now, my father live in  prefecture for his  work. he's work in the  branch in .and twice or three times a month, my mother go to his house to . and i sometimes  live alone, and when i live alone, i feel .   i miss my family.   and  i sometimes think that if  someone who  i don't know came to the ,it's . , .yes.. o k. i'll try it.one day last week,  ,taro called    hanako to go to date.   and taro  wanted to go to the zoo .and      hanako was also wanted to go there, so they decided to go there. and,  next day,    taro go to the hanako's house by his car, and they go to the zoo. at first,  they didn't  decide     where is the entrance.but ,   they can  reach the entrance.  through the entrance, at first, they go to the cage of monkey.and   that time, the monkey was eating , and    they enjoyed very much to see the monkey.and after that, they moved to the next cage. there was a big lion in the cage. .  hanako said, "  i always think lion is   lyingon the floor, but now, he is walking  around.". so  they enjoyed .and,  they can spend a very good time..   because,   i think   there, smell is .and there are so many children. for example  near sea, odaiba or .. because   there are no childrenin odaiba, and there is a good mood . and we can see very   the building,and tokyo tower or another place. very much. yes.no..no. he is so busy,so he can go to the company twenty-fourth.  no.   i'll go to the part-time job .. .. very much.