my name is .nice meeting .no. not recently, i meanfor whole three years this company  i've been busy...no. i i haven't taken summer vacation for three years. i want to but  like i said,   i'm busy with my work, so  i can't  vacation right now. any place would do for taking vacation. .?  yeah, one day. i mean i live in a dormitory, so i have to do shopping, cleaning, stuff this one day i have  once a week, but i normally play tennis. .yeah. yeah. since i was eight or something. yeah. and i'm in the  tennis team, so  i  can practice these weekends.. anywhere. i mean, you know,  we don't have company tennis courts, soyes, you know, take tennis court by ourselves, soany place.organized?..  yeah.  there is this   division  all the    gathers  and plays on the weekends on  march and autumn season. autumn season's  starting next week, sowe've been practicing  recently.? . .. let's see  i play soccer and basketball, but    how should i explain, it's mentally difficult for tennis. i mean, you know in the practices, you can play normally, but when it comes to  the real game,you get nervous and, you know, you can't do the normal things.so it's more difficult   in our games.... it's located in . . it's near  line. it's quite near from .so   if i have time, i can go there by bicycle or something.. anyway,  in the weekends,you can hear these fireworks, you know, goes on in the . and  it's quite near from this company so comfortable for meto live in. yes. i mean there's many  supermarkets that's go on for twenty-four hours, so if i  go back  late in the evening, if i go late, still do shoppings and buy some things i need....all right. o k.  i see a girl talking to a cat,  probably showing her computer  something. and, let's see, i see a typewriter. i don't know why  since, you know,  you know you can do typing with the computer. computer , so i don't know why she has it. and  let's see.  i can see a phone  i mean in the  the door but  its  in the place in the middle, so  i don't know how she hangs up when she uses it.and  let's see, i see a dog as well. . .  .  that's about it...my .hometown?. i see. . in my hometown, i mean i don't have a hometown right now   since my parents moved to another  home. . room in my  home house.   so .let's see. i mean   i didn't have a room for myself.so   is bigger than mine. and  i didn't have a computer in those time. and  my parents didn't like pets, so i wasn't able to, you know  get animals into my room as well.let's see.  and i didn't have a bed. i used futon, type of  bed. futon better, because  you can use more room .yeah. .....o k.. yeah,  you see, i have this ticket   but unfortunately, i was late and i want to get my money refund or change it to another train. sorry, but  i'm a stranger here, so i don't have money right now, and i really need to go there. and, you know,   i don't have money right now, and i  really need money or change it to another train. you know,  i was really in a hurry, but so  i was  stuck in the traffic jam.and i really couldn't get there, i mean i'm a stranger there and   i  i mean know that,  you know, traffic get jammed this time of the year and i just couldn't get here   any earlier. , i don't have money right now, so   can you  give me a refund or change it to another train?.yeah, sorry, i couldn't. .i see. .. i don't mind  standing...o k. thank you. ., thank you..yes,  i was living in new zealand for five years when i was a   child when i was eight to three. and one year in ethiopia  yeah, when i was in high school. i think i was sixteen when i went there.  everything was new. i meani couldn't imagine those, you know, world in africa, it was really exciting for me to go there. american school.. many americans and there are among people  who is  involved   embassygo there ..no.no.  no. . not at all....one to six..i see. o k. one day last week, i was driving. and suddenly, this  young man who was talking on the  cell phone  driving in a scooter came up. and  when i  crashed,   he dropped his cell phone and  i dropped to my  side mirror,  and we got into argument. and     actually crashed and this man argued that this  damage on the scooter which is my fault. so  we had a argument but since  we didn't   come up with a conclusion, we  phoned to the police. and i explained that  this young man was talking the cell phone and  was careless. and   then  police  settle up the argument and  came to the conclusion that this young man who was driving  scooter is actually    careless that he was  using his cell phone  while he was  driving. and  he was fined and   he was taken.  his scooter, also... how you can get a driver's license in japan?  i think it has to be eighteento get a driver's license. and you go to  this authorized driving school. and      you  go to your test for driving. and also study about   the rules.and after graduating those driving school,    you have to go through a testing that i think  ministry  something..yes.. about eleven or twelve.yes..half past eight.yeah. when i'm really busy,i can't go home. i have to stay .  it's whole company, i guess.. i mean we don't have  much people.. yeah.yeah, i was told that   i mean my father is also at the trading company. ....thank you.