sure. . my name is .sure, you can.nice to meet you, too.. i'm fine.i live in  city.. no.   i live alone.  . i'd say i enjoy the freedom. freedom of all for myself.. . .  let me put it this way. . since no one is around in my apartment, so  i can do whatever i want at any time i want. so that's one of the great advantages that i have living alone. . i turn on t v, or  i sometimes talk to the wall.  myself.and i make phone calls to my friends.. i watch movies, so  i go outside and do something else. . i don't have a mobile phone.it's o k for me. yes.. i'm actually  studying at a language school.and  i like to be, if possible, professinonal english-japanese or japanese-english translator or interpreter. so i'm not working at this moment. but  i'd like to focus on my studying instead of working at this moment.. i think  it's like a long history. first, i think when i was a kid like probably ten or eleven years old, i just got interested in english and thought it was kind of cool . so i think that's the beginning, and then,    i started to get more interested in learning english as i  grew older. and,  in college, i started thinking about my future. and i think that's the time when i thought that  i wanna be an interpreter..all right. . i see three kids playing around house, one girl is jumping a rope, and two boys are playing with a ball. to me, it seems that they are playing volleyball. .  and one man in blue sweatshirt and pants are jogging, he also sweating. and there is a car in front of the house. and there is a    light brown cat under roof of the car. . it's a white or silver car. and, by the car, there are two women talking or chatting. . one of them is wearing a red shirt and a gray skirt, and the other woman is in red suits. she also  has a pink shirt, and she has a dog  that has brown and white colors. and, across from the house, i see a man reading newspaper. he's sitting on a couch. and  there are two trees by this man.  it's a sunny day.you are welcome.my hometown is in okayama prefecture.. no, . excuse me?... . my hometown is very tiny town with around four thousand people. and  the town is surrounded by mountains. . but  city is big city to me. i think it has probably four hundred thousand people living in the city. and all i see is just houses and houses and buildings. so that's the big difference, the countryside and city.. when i enrolled college. .  in terms of the envirnoment, i'm not very much in favor of, especially, the air.the air. because  it seems to be polluted a little bit. the skies are usually gray. i don't see the clear blue sky many times. whereas, back in my hometown,  the water doesn't smell, and the air doesn't smell.   it was just  fresh and nice. and i guess that's . . to live,  maybe, and, for my body, too.o k.o k.hello,  hello. . this is  speaking.. fine, thank you. . actually,  i just came back.and i found that one of the windows are broken.i don't know what happened, but it is broken, and     could you send someone  to repair the window, please, as soon as possible?tomorrow? .  cannot it be done earlier than tomorrow?..? but  it's windy, and it's also raining.. plastic bag? i don't have that plastic bag right now with me.  . do you think,  maybe, you could  ?sometime today?  so you can  repair the windows tomorrow?o k. .   could you let me know when  they come to my apartment?  could you also ask them to come here as soon as possible? o k. i trust you.yeah, thank you very much.thanks a lot.see you.bye.no. .yes, i do.advantage of living in an apartment house?  .   i don't see  much difference.so  advantage or disadvantage. . first,   it was close to the college that i went and it had a bathroom . and i think that the reasons i decided to live there. can walk to the campus.right. i didn't want to commute to college.o k. "one day last week".. let's see.o k. .  o k. can i start?one day last week,   mister yamada was driving a car in a town.  .  o k. .   he was enjoying his driving. and,  from opposite direction,  another man came riding motor bike.  he was talking to his girlfriend on the cell phone. so,  he wasn't paying much attention to the car that mister yamada was driving. and, at some point, they are almost collided. . but, slightly, mister yamada didn't hit the man. . he only hit the cell phone. then, they started quarreling over the broken cell phone. this man who was riding a bike demanded that mister yamada should compensate with the cell phone. . a police officer came, and   mister yamada explained what happened to the cell phone.   but, as the police officer asked questions about themselves. it turned out that this bike man actually has stolen the bike,   so the police officer and mister yamada decided to take this bike away from the bike guy. and the bike guy was left alone.. right now, i have a visiting friend from the united states. so i just go back to my apartment, and   i'll just do a laundry. . and , weather seems to be very  right now. so i'd like to get it done as quickly as possible.before it starts raining.. thank you very much.you, too. have a nice day, too.