sure. my name is .yes.nice to meet you, too.yeah, i'm so nervous.now i know the students' feeling before the .i'm really nervous. .i live  in ,  town, very small town near the  station.yes.? it's famous... . zoo kind of very big and a lot of animals and then another part is  amusement park. so a lot of  coaster or a lot like this. in the summer season,  there is a pool. so many activity to enjoy family so.yeah. i often go to the  zoo.yeah. yes. i have five members in my family.three kids and my husband..sure. . two daughters and one son. and elder one is a   third graders in elementary school. and then next one is a first graders in elementary school. and the son is  four years old.yes.yeah. i play with them. but today, i'm here.  students are , but my husband take care of them. usually  we go to the park to play with many things, for example catch ball .tennis like that. yeah. two daughters actually belong to the tennis sports  club. so they enjoy playing tennis  weekends..yes. i  played basketball when i was a junior high and high school. six years.  and  i love skiing, yeah. when i was a collage student, i often  went to  to ski. yes. sports.best thing  the basketball., best thing, maybe teamwork.good feeling to win with the team mates. practice is very hard, but  not only you know, the teamwork is the very tight so good for me. not only the skills of the basketball, but also the   team mates connections.yeah.yeah. in school mean the .and high school? yeah.  i was in the basket club... now? .i'm a teacher. so but actually yeah,     i'm    sub coach of the basketball team. but you know, i have three kids so very difficult to go to the school on  weekends to have a game. so usually, i just do the  watch the  big game or in the summer vacation  i will go, and then teach basketball a little. usually, main teacher is another person.and then teach. i'm a sub .yes.. very busy. yes..o k. , there must be a very  gorgeous restaurant. and then she and he are as a  husband or wife.so  they got marriage. and they must be some sort of  on anniversary day. . they   visited this restaurant and then celebrate their anniversary. . first,     the   restaurant's person  came and ask,  "is this wine  is o k?". and then the man tasted the wine and then it's o k.  and then  maybe next,  they will ordered the meals, i think. yeah.last anniversary?my  mean?. actually my anniversary is    on march is the tenth wedding anniversary , yes.but not so big cerebration, just  what did i  do?   maybe  i love sweets so my husband gave me a some chocolate or cake .not big cerebration .no, just a  small present.no.so because son is too small to go to eat the restaurant. so  eating at home is most comfortable for me. because    in the restaurant,  my kids are so noisy. so i don't like to disturb the other person's  .yeah.sure.sure.yeah. . o k... hello. this is  speaking.yeah. hi. .  i'm sorry i can't go to the today's dinner party.yeah. because my little son    has  high fever now so i can't go out. i'm so sorry, but i  really want to go to the dinner party next time.really?. i'm so sorry. but my husband    not here at home. because    he's working now. he called me, and then he says  he has another job suddenly. so he cannot come back home.  so i'm so sorry i can't go now... o k. but you know,  maybe  he has  just  fever.so i have a medicine   for him. so i think  it not necessary to go to the hospital for him. so just i wanna stay with him, and then look after him. i'm so sorry.. .. my god.  so just i  apologize you. . maybe   o k. i'll pay  .i'm so sorry. just i said. i'm sorry.yeah. yeah. i also want to  see them. but yeah, nobody take care of my son so i have to stay here. so sorry.. so please invite me   next time..thank you very much.i'm so sorry..bye-bye.yeah.yeah. i take , i mean, i take off. and i can't go to school. so suddenly i call to the school, and then " i can't go to school today because my son has  fever so  please do my lessons  like this.". it's a paper  work. so  i will take off the working. yeah, but if next day and next day my son has a fever for long time,  we change. so my husband take  a day off. and then maybe next day, one day off. but usually, three kids are not so big problem. so usually one or two days .and then for example,    or  like that  kind of for a week  this one sickness,  before  going back to working, all kids have a injection of  that one . so usually have one or two days ..turn by turn.mainly i..yeah.yeah.sure.yeah... , sure.  o k.  can i start? ?o k. one day last week,  can i say she i?. one day last week, i went to a department store to buy a present for my husband.   it's happy birthday present. i want to give  my husband  a good  tie. so  i went to   gentleman's   yeah, section  in the department. and then i selected the good one. it's a green tie. and then i bought  the present for my husband.      another section,   there was a sale of the shoes. it's a final sale and thirty percent off. so i love shopping. so i stopped by to see the  shoes. and then   there was a good one. and i really liked it. so i bought  a pair of shoes.and then  i walked around the department,and then i found  fifty percent off clothing section. and then there was a very nice shirt. it's a  yellow one. and then i also bought this shirt, too. . finally, i bought a lot of things including my husband gift.  i was so happy to buy my shoes and clothes and present for my husband.  and then i went back home from the department.you are welcome..  actually, very difficult to go to shopping on weekends because  there is a kid. so this year,  actually  i go to the university to study. so i have  a little bit time to  go shopping on weekdays.so i stop by the department, and then i buy my clothes and shoes. so not so often.usually not so often. but this year luckily   i can go.yeah.yeah.yeah. .      when the baby is so small, i mean baby means zero and   one year,    i did breast feeding for the baby so   mother is very important. so  it's    maybe mother stay home, and take care  for  baby, it's a good for the baby. and then i feel it's good. i mean and free time is limited, it's  no problem because baby need mothers. but three, four, five years,   if my husband more  helps me, i'm very comfortable  to live everyday, i think. but my husband also   is a teacher. and then weekends he has a club activity's coach. so    he has also no free time. and then i'm so tight schedule. so  both  are very limited free time.because the kids are  young. . so i think cooperation is very important, .yeah. depend on the age ..yeah.yes.yes.yeah. he knows. but , yeah.yeah. actually, he is a math teacher. so .the  know  about .and english very well. just i say i have   i have a test of the english speaking test in shinjuku like that. so  no reaction, just  "come back early", he said..english.yeah..o k..