. see you again, too.. my name is  .  it's hot.  i guess  just studying cause  like a year and i have to take the same exam  my friends, so a year's on my shoulder by myself.  it's all for my summer.?? ..yeah.in japan, ?yeah...  almost.. some of them have been kind of busy and actually they want me for  their dramas. they are playing a drama and they want me but  i'm saying no,  i'm  not gonna participate  any kind of eventsjust for this summer... ... actually,  i'm not like  keeping away from everything.  i mean, i'm having my fun for some other stuff so it's . yeah, for instance,  i go to the library  . cause  like  i kept away from the books for a year.and now, i'm like   . yeah..i mean just i'm having fun for reading japanese andjust come to my headreally smoothly.not like english. soit's fun. i was in  state. the town's name was ,near ,which is very famous for american football. it's also close to . probably you don't know..  anyways,  was like just in the country. nothing else. cows and sheeps,   corn is famous. people are kind of nice.   like  what's the word, it's  white community.so not so many black people are .and  my family was my host mom and host dadand a girl from finland.so there were three different cultures ...  what else? i was on cross-country running in the fall and  in the track but  actually i was in a musicalfor the winter, but   it was because  i couldn't pass the  audition for basketball.the coach didn't take me and my sisterjust because we were foreign exchange student. get .but he said that.  like, "o k.  i don't ".. i was playing the violin.i couldn't take the audition cause i was away for that date.and  since i've been playing  the violin for thirteen years,i was the concert mistress.and then   the conductor put my   an amp. you know what i mean?so that's kind of big ..thank you... it's kind of school but not actually. the teacher  very serious.  she is teaching  calculus.  but the students are not serious except one  seen in front of her.  a guy, looks an asian, is just chewing a gum. and two girls are just speaking probably loudly.  i don't know if they're grown-ups or not, but a boy is just listening to the music by headphone and drinking something. and a girl  student is just playing with her cell phone.  so i don't think this is a good class, but it's a math class.. compare this class to that i was in?. i'm not sure, but the numbers, but probably this is just a small class, so it's similar.but  students are much nicer, i think. cause these people are not listening i think the problem is teacher doesn't care for that  .  in american school,most of the students are   no either listening or just .  i think my school was a good school. i mean not so many people are sleepingor playing something else.cause  i heard  state and california states are strict for the education system.and  some of my friends didn't study and they dropped the class,   it's not really easy to pass the classunless you study .... some of them got called from main officeand then just got . and if they get three of them, then the main office called their parents.  or if they skip the classes,  they somehow find it, i mean the main office.and then,  they got a attention again. ..o k. ..does this person want to get another train? or does this one just  want to get  some money back?just the money back?. either way?all right. . yes, please. i'm in trouble cause   i missed my train just  went. i have this ticket.so could you please pay me back? or   i would be grateful if you can give me just the next train's ticket or something. please.all right. thank you.o k.   but i have to go or i need money cause, you know, i have to do something. i cannot stay at this station.. my fault.. actually, my wife was busy for just packing or making up or something like that. so it wasn't my fault..so could you please? you might understand my situation?.and when does he come back?in an hour? i cannot waits for that. it's just too long.do you know his cell phone number or something? or do you know  someone else we can work on it?o k. thank you.. i went to washington d c, boston, and niagara falls.and ,in canada, i went to toronto.a memorable trip?    i don't know. a memorable . it was just before september eleventh. it was september ninth,. not my host parents, but kind of host uncle and aunt took me and the girl from finlandto niagara falls and we could ride that  boat tripto, you know, just under the the  niagara falls down. and  we were wet.  we just really wet. they gave us kind of blue jacket made by vinyl.but it didn't work.and what really upset me was like half of the sight-seeing  people were japanese. and they were just talking really stupid things. a woman who was  standing next to mewas saying, " i'm wet.  my nails,my lips," like that. and i was like almost pissed.i mean, "get outta ."....o k. this looks like the new one but is it the same one? the ?it doesn't connect. .  ..o k.  one day last week, i was just driving by myself. and  there was a guy who was on the bike speaking the cell phone to his girlfriend, and we bumped. and his cell phone just dropped to the ground, and it  was broken. and he was yelling at me, cause he was mad. but when the police came, i just explained  what's going on. and cause it's against the law,  driving with cell phone,  the guy just gave up and he called to the   garbage, how do you say that,    some kind of   recycling or just garbage kind of stuff.   anyways, a truck just came and took the bike away. for this ..pardon?.i don't know. probably in shibuya, i can go to  h m v. i'm gonna listen to a c d which i am . you know eminem?he's a kind of a broken rapper... i will..i'm not that rich... thank you for talking with me.