my name is .nice to meet you, too. pretty good. but i have a cold a little bit.  i'm o k..i live in .  in . it took about two hours. actually, i left the house at seven and i arrived here at ten-thirty. so it took more than three hours.i took a bus and  took a  train from  to come here, i mean    station.  is famous for   a  city. and there are many scientific institutions and there is a university named . and i'm graduate studentin that university. my major is  english language teaching. and especially my major is how to assess the low-level english speakers of japanese people.i'm originally from   next to . my hometown is located in the  northern eastern part of . named . it's famous for hot springswhich can make women .my difficulty? i always  my major. but  one difficulty is when   my paper wasn't accepted.  i experiment and write a paper and i try to publish and  send my paper to the journal. but sometimes it  will be declined and recently it happened. and i .but  eventually, i'll  rewrite it and submit it to another journal. i hope it will be successful. i'm a , so i don't have a lot of free time. but    yes, since i've gained weight, i try to exercise at least three times a week at a fitness club.i do aerobics and i jog and i walkat least for an hour.my fitness club is named , which is affiliated with the hospital  located next to . and  it has a good system. when you enter the fitness club,  first you take a  exercise or your power of  energy or  how you can exercise will be measured. then the instructor will give me advice and   using that  information, i can exerciseeffectively.and i can ask them to give me advice  at least    sorry,  once per three month. i'm losing weight. o k. it's a picture of a skiing site. and there are many people skiing or snowboarding. and there is a couple  drinking  alcohol or   beverage in the lodge. and there is an instructor and two people are   listening to his lecture. maybe  they want to learn  how to ski. they are beginners. and there are four kids  throwing   snowballs at each other. and one man slipped  maybe his bad technique.i don't ski but i have skied once.  i used to be a junior high school teacher.  i and other teachers took our students to where where there was our sister school. and i had time to ski. and actually one teacher taught me how to ski for the first time and it was very helpful. but i haven't had any  chances to ski since then.how i felt? it felt it was excellent. i didn't imagine that i could ski.  but actually i'm  and i slipped a lot. my students .but  gradually i improved.i hope i could show that  making efforts is very  to them.i hope so.o k. excuse me. i bought a c d player yesterdayat your store and i have a receipt here.  would you exchange  this c d player to a new one?  because actually it was broken. i didn't drop it but it didn't work. it might be difficult. but    i didn't check it at your store. and actually, i live very close to your  store, so there's no place where  the machine.do you have his cellular phone number?. yes, i can wait.    i can wait   yes, o k. thank you. so are you sure you'll exchange the c d player ? really.  i hope you won't say that  i bought  this product a long ago.  please remember i'm waiting. came here only one dayafter i bought. thank you. thank you.  , i haven't had any such experiences. but  i bought the computer  over internet. and the package came to my house and i tried to set it up. but my floppy disk didn't work.so i called  the company and asked them to fix it. and it was the company's fault.actually the connection was bad.but when the man who were sent from the company came to my house and   pushed the tool more tightly, it began . .  i have a virus detector and  some mail with viruses came, but  the virus detector killed them.no problem at all.o k.one day last week,  suppose  i am the driver, i was driving a car.  i was on my way to the company. and the man  on a motorcycle came  from the different direction and  he was calling his girlfriend with his cellular phones. and he was paying attention   at all. and  the man  on a motorcycle hit my car and dropped his cellular phone. he claimed that it was my fault. and he wanted me to pay the damage for him. however i argued that it was his fault because i knew that he was talking on the cellular phone which was illegal. we decided to call a police and the policeman listened to our story carefully.   and i told the policeman that the man on a  motorcycle were    calling with the cellular phone. and  he means the policeman understood the situation.   then policeman decided that  most of  the fault is  on the man on the motorcycle.   and the man had to go to the police. and    the man's motorcycle were sent to  the  fix company. but fortunately, my car wasn't .but i had to lose some time.i would tell to both of them that . especially to the man on a motorcycle  that  he should never, never drive or   ride the motorcycle and talk  at the same time.    to me or to the man  who  was on the car,  maybe he could have avoided   the accident, if he had  driven more carefully.  but i'll just give him a warning.i'll scold the man on the motorcycle more severely. no, i haven't. i just hit  the back of my car.i just checked the dent  of my car. and  i considered it acceptable. i left it as it is. .  actually,  any plan. so maybe it's already one o'clock. so i'll have lunch somewhere andgo back to .thank you.