my name is . nice to meet you, .from? ? .hometown? yeah. actually, i was born in and moved when i was one years old to  prefecture.and after that, i moved   area.and after i got married   i have moved fifteen times.. yeah. not yet. every day, i  work  for that.  i ordered  "do it myself" kits   made a  bookshelf and a one dresser for clothes and  record shelf , and   stretchhow to say i don't know exactly, that kind of   curtain rail with pole.and there is a  some poleand we put the curtain to cover   to see..   no. . . . that's mostly   my husband's company's  has sent him  several places.then now i bought  our own apartment. . my hobby?now i'm really  interested in doing   .yeah.yeah, actually,  yeah,   i like dance.but  when i went to  it's a almost  eight years ago all of sudden, i began to dance dance .because   what to say i interested in  learning something a new culture about that country.so i learn dance and  language.that is a begin of my carrier of dance. then,  i did thai dance therethen  i  moved to  .and  i practice so flamenco dance.but  unfortunately, i had backache at that time. i twist. then doctor recommended me it is good for me to  ballroom dance not so hard.then i began to  social dance.yeah. now i'm really  involved.but i really want to improve my dancing...  yeah.   it may be a   house in the suburbs.  it's good residential areaand pretty huge house in the united states, i guess.  once i live in the . there are many this kind of houses.and   how to explain,  there is a daughter. her name is mary.she is now  playing with  how to say,   ropes. and maybe she is singing and   playing with ropes. and there is a  her mother and meet a neighborhood a lady,and talked about  their children or about  something  dinner party or . they're chattering now. and    there is a car. and on the top of the car   "mi", i don't know, , named "mimi". and  that keep  cat just is  relax to at  some  .and also there is a dog. but this dog belongs this house, i guess. and that dogs  came from the neighbor, . .. that shows  both of them are  really glad to meet each other. yeah.yeah. once.. . there is a kind of big  housesin .it's in the suburbs. yeah. big spaces..in japan? .?yeah. space is quite different.   house in  is very spacyand   as if i can run.   now i live in apartment. .    to compare with other the apartment,  we chosed a pretty wide one but still very compact. . yeah. and  yeah, and   what say,    how to say, maybe there is many roomsin that  house.yeah. how many rooms? maybe   five or six rooms.but  now, we just have one living room, and  two bedroom ...yeah.o k. yeah.   is speaking..  i'm really sorry.   all of sudden, i had a stomachache. so  i couldn't go there.    i'm sorry,   i even couldn't get up, so couldn't   called you. i'm really sorry.   still ?. yeah.       yeah this is my birthday party?? .   i missed such a good   celebrated . . but  i had a stomachache unfortunately so i couldn't go. so please say that the other guest to eat  that cake. .  yeah. .yeah, i have already taken medicine. but  still i had a something  not only  painbut also something.   say      there is a some .  i have to often go to the toilet.  so please guess me. i have now.    . .  i understand. but  it is quite difficult to  go from here to there. . yeah.  twenty minutes.  i can't stand  to wait toilet. that is the reason. .so please  give my apologize  to  all of you. and don't give up to have a party for me. next time,    why don't you  have a party for my  how to say,  just  my recovering. yeah.. actually  so   i have attend the many parties,and      but     ,  every once a year, i have a big party for a something to see a  firework.because   we live in a riverside we invited many guests  to see the firework. it is quite nice.  so, next    if  i have party, i will have a dance party. yes. .one day last week?. yeah.  yeah, ,  yeah,   michiko went to the department store    to buy a necktie for her husband. it is necessary to buy new one, because  it's a present   to her husband birthday.  so,  at first,  she went to the  corner of the necktie directly, and  yes, so  picked one what   she like to   to give her husband. and it costs  not so expensive  and  three thousand yen or .  , , no,    we can't buy that  so anyway not so expensive but   she's glad to buy  those things  . and so  just she  finish her shopping and   the way to go back to the entrance,  she find a some shoes' corner.    there is a   bargain. so she really  in  to see those shoes. and  she bought  a pair of shoes. then,    next corner, she also find a bargain for her clothes. and " how nice it looks".   there is  a beautiful clothes. i forget.   yeah. i bought   some sweater.  that is  last time i bought for him.  i really like that pattern.that is my favorite color and pattern., . . .today?. i'm going to regal royal to join other students.they have already waiting . they already finish this  s s t test. and  we will meet together after that. and  we will have a lunch together. last day to we can meet..yeah, they have  once.yeah.  i went last summer  begin of the day.. we have a party. something .. then, we really enjoy   this course.and we become very   close friend each other.,   this is my second time to attend this course.both course is great. .. yeah.we have a good good friendand we have the good teachers..