 my name is . yes, please.. yes, i'm very fine, thank you. now?i live  near    station. .so, . .now  i live contemporary about  for two years.  i live in so  company dormitory.it's called  in japanese word.for two years. so  our real house is  inside in  prefecture. .why?  for   my husband's business...because  if   it's  very fine day,  we could enjoyed a mt. fuji  from our balcony  upstairs. yes.. yes. i really enjoyed because in  is  first time for us.so     we could enjoyed so  art museum  yes, different so concert, very exciting city. so, yes.  only for two years..yes, i have two children.one is boy and one is girl.  is  now ten years oldin the fourth grade elementary .and girl is  eight years old, so in the second grade in elementary school. raised?  take care of, yes.  ?  no. no. no because  so  for children    even for children, a lot of choice if  after school they  would like to take some lessons.. for hobby or  study because of so many club  it's called  and also   piano  or art or, yes, a lot of choice to  take a lesson. so   if i compared   with  not so  expensive in , but    we could  have a lot of choice. .so, i think, yes, very good  for children as well. . my hobby?. yes,    i love so  going to  the musical.. yes.i really enjoyed. yes.. my favorite one is a     "miss saigon". . yes, i really enjoyed. .. yes, so  at first   i enjoyed in london and after i could tried  in ,  teikoku theatre because  when    i enjoyed in london, i couldn't   pick up  all the words completely so i wanted to  so know  every sentence  surely. yes.  exactly what's they are singing and saying. so,  in japan is cost is  about  double but  i paid and  from ,  i used   so   it's costs  a lot but i tried. yes.but  a little i disappointed. i think a musical  could enjoying atmosphere or .so, if  i could  understand exactly the word, sentence not so big  advance  so  a little disappointed. .so if i have a chance  maybe i prefer  watch  enjoy  musical in london or new york. so,  several musical about  seven times,  its time i enjoyed in london.. yes. describe?so,     it's scenery of the  about     the place for skiing.and   several people  enjoying skiing and      some children  enjoy playing  making snow ball and     threw each other   so children  enjoying maybe the foot of the mountain because i found    a cottage.  through window,  one couple   sitting on the table and just relax and  they enjoying talking with drinking coffee. so i think this  scenery the foot of the mountain and so   and also i could see    lift which  people takes  to the  top of the mountain. .  and also one people enjoying slide  and one  man or boy      fall down  and he is  struggling, yes, in the snow.i think so  and so several people   i think just to   start  to enjoy skiing or just arrived to   the foot of the mountain. i couldn't tell surely. . but i think  one man is  saying  something so maybe   a few people  knows each other. .. yes. i used to. but  after i have two children, very difficult.   just after i have   one child,  my husband i tried to   enjoy skiing several times but  always he has a temperature.   he had a high fever.why? yes. because   during we  enjoy skiing,  we asked   our baby  take care of  in the nursery place, some yes special place.  so  many children together and  very easy to  caught cold. i think so.so,  maybe  next day  it always  he had a   high fever so  we gave up.when?.. typical ski trip. . yes  just before  i married and  i lived in   prefecture and also my husband lived in  prefecture. so,  we often  went to   prefecture, yes,  next to   is very famous  big   and also if we have  a   long holiday  almost  people,  our friend who live in  prefecture,  go to    prefecture because very convenient yes using bus and not so expensive. so,   our friend and also we enjoyed yes  prefecture or    prefecture..yes. .... yes. .hello. hello,  ms. ?.  how are you? yes   yes, i'm    speaking.and       tomorrow you invited me  for the party you organized, but   i also  told you     i'm very glad so  i could come  to  your party but    i have to tell you  i can't  come suddenly. yes.   i'm very very afraid  because  my  children, and my child suddenly got  high fever and usually if  he  so  he has a fever it's continue a several days so i think   his fever   it's continued yes  tomorrow and the day after tomorrow, so  i thought it's better to  tell you earlier. .than just the day. so  now i'm calling to you i'm very very  sorry, yes, i couldn't so come your  party. .. . so   my husband  now  so  stay europe for  business trip so i can't and also  my parents live in  prefecture and  also  i just  moved to  so  i have  some friend  who i can   ask    to take care of  my children    yes i haven't   friend. ... yes. it's very difficult. if  so weekend, and also our children is fine  not  bad condition, yes, it's possible. but,  tomorrow so  suddenly and also  my children had a fever so  i can't  tell her because almost my friend  who has children as well, so very difficult because my son is now  had has a  feverso,  it's a very .. yes. so,     please  tell   my friend  to my  regards  my    thank you very much  and also   please enjoyed yes,  themselves. yes... and also thank you very much  indeed because you organized maybe  everything and  so much things. yes. but anyways, yes, please enjoyed yourself. yes.. yes.bye. . not so often,  especially  so a party   because  after i had children,   if we planned party, i always  so  suggest    please  so used my house. yes. because  we usually start at seven o'clock or eight o'clock and  it's takes until midnight, sometimes two o'clock in the morning like that next day, so i always,   would like to  so  have a party in my house because if our children  want to sleep and they  go to  bed upstairs. so no problem. yes. because    my husband i like having party but  so  our  party friend almost  people have no children or  already children grew up so  always yes,  i suggest, yes, please use  my house.. yeah.  yes.  if    i will go to somewhere else   maybe yes,  i will tell honestly because  if  i tried  maybe  professional baby-sitter, maybe   children is worried because first time  to see maybe  baby-sitter and even  he has a fever, not good condition, so i don't want to. ... . yes. this story?yes.    so  a young man  so  arrived  at the station normally  about  eight o'clock in the morning. i think he will so go to  his company and   he's waiting  the train coming  as usual, and he is  standing  a head of the line and  suddenly     his  bag    fall down in  the    in the   railway. and    in the railway that's   because of  next  man  who is   talking another man  with big  gesture  and  he think the next man pushed    the man  who is wearing yellow coat and who is a waiting the  top of the line  so     the man's bag   fall down. so   the young man is  upset and      he is complaining   to the next man. and   he is talking  about  that happened. and suddenly    the train coming and      they are  very surprised and  but  after the  train      passing in front of them,  they found a bag is safety because   just  the bag situated just   between  the     wheel  of the train, so  no problem. so,   i think    he said    a my bag is  safety.  what a  relief. and   the   i think the people who is  working in the  railroad station company and he's coming and he found the bag and   he  pick the bag  up and     he  passed  the man    who is the owner of the bag. and    so   the people   who are looking  the situation, they are also very pleased and some  man is  clapping  his hand. so    it's a happened   early in the morning but    that's    but  anyway   this happened   turned out  like a  no problem . yes... . how?. how?    i will use  the train.yes.. i really enjoyed. yes. thank you very much.