yeah. ..yeah, i'm .yes.nice to meet .yeah fine. yeah. but i'm   a little jet lag.yeah.yeah, because   last sunday, i'll returned from england. yeah. so i'm a little jet lag.yeah.yeah. i like england.. i have been working for   four years.yeah.my job?  not so interesting .  but  i like this job. .  i'm  a civil engineer and my responsible for hydrolics engineer. hydrolics, do you know? like a coastal structure or harbor or  water it's a coastal  building. yeah..so    almost i'm investivate the coastal structure.working?     recent my job is  tsunami. yeah. so  i  investigate  tsunami.  for example    someday   the earthquake occurs and the  occuredso the coastal in japan   suffer from flood. so  we have to  build a new coastal structure..yeah. yes.  father and mother and  . i have one older brother..no.  he is not marry .my? i am not marry.no. i'm living in dormitory. alone, yeah.yeah.  i like it very  because  i live in alone    it's very convenient for me to live there.. and also      i can eat breakfast in the dormitory.also i can eat outside. yeah.we can choose. dormitory.  it's very near the office.it takes about twenty minutes. yeah.       if i will come from my home, it takes about two hours.. my house?my house is in the .yeah. neighborhood, it means in ?. i don't know  because my parents moved thereabout six years ago.  i don't familiar with .free time?   so  i have a lot of hobby.one is  soccer.and one is  golf. so almost weekend, play soccer or golf. .yeah.soccer? the most important is    ?  .  physical strength.yeah, maybe. yeah..yeah, thank you.   there are a lot of electric instruments in the room. and there are a cat and a dog in the room. the  the cat sleeping on the bed and the dog on the floor. and she wear a sweater and a  mini skirt. and she indicate the   personal computer. and the curtain is open and the door is also open.  and    ? yeah..  almost the same. but i have a lap-top computerand i don't have cat  because the dormitory are not allowed to  have a cat.yeah. but  also  the same.  and also i have a one table in the room. yeah.. yeah,   i usually use  internetor       when i take a photo by digital camera, i collect the digital camera by using lap-top computer. yeah.. sometimes   i'm going to another place  i will have a lap-top computer. yeah. it's .no. only the holiday.. if i will go by business, i will have a lap-top computer  . lap-top computer. yeah.yeah.. yeah, thank you.  .sorry. o k.yeah. excuse me. i want to go to new york by train.  where is a  vending machine?.so  when   the train  will  leave here?ten minutes. yeah. so and how much  does it cost to go new york?ten dollars. so i want to buy one ticket   and also one-way ticket please.yes. . no problem. yeah.    . is there another express train?yeah. and when  is it  leave here?thirty minutes.so it   how long does it takes to..so i want to buy  this ticket.  how much?yeah.twenty dollars. so  i will choose later.  so   here we go. .yeah....thank you. and where is the  platform?number two. thanks anyway.yeah.yeah .yeah.yeah. transportation? sorry  model?? yeah so   i used almost the train. but when i went to scotlandi used a airplane. yeah, because   the train in u k is  almost delayed  but almost all delayed.so  if i wanted to go the far place i will choose the airplane. the airplane is  punctual...yeah. ..thank you. ..yes..yeah. o k.  one day i saw a i? o k.  one day   i? she? one day    i saw in refrigerator there is almost empty. so  i went to go supermarket by buying a food. so i bought some food in the supermarket. and also, i paid a money  in the register. and i brought the food in the car.  and also,   i droved and go back home. and i cooked the bacon egg  in the dinner. ..england?    before i went to u k  i heard almost food are not so good, but after  i went to u kalmost  the  not so bad . but not so good.so .  but    almost good. .only studying english. yeah. so  we went to the business school and  we learned  english and also business english.yeah. and also,    we stayed in the home-stay the training course. .yeah at first i can't understand what he said. almost.but  one month later i can understand almost   so almost i think the english and japanese are  they're  same i think. as a  mentally the same. so the   like culture.i think   both of them are similar.yeah. so maybe, almost all english are   polite and  also punctual.yeah, but train is delayed . big problem.yeah..yeah.. at first, i  eat a   steamed rice.. yeah, it's very delicious. .yeah..yeah. we learned    same training course.. but different house..yeah..bye.