.yeah. my name is . .fine, thank you. and you?.. actually, since this week, i'm not so busy.yeah. fortunately.. but last week, it was horrible. yeah. things i have to do.yeah.. o k. i'm working for   hair marketing.and i'm in a . so we are mainly developing a new product  and maintain the current product line.yeah. so  like  develop a new product concept, advertisement and  work with the sales people how to sell the product very .. those kind of stuffs. .. actually, there are a lot of deadline  i had to keep.yeah.but  it was good. yeah.. very much.yeah.. .       job, you mean. first of all, it's very exciting. because  we try to create very new stuff in the market which nobody launched .. so   because it's new stuff  so  there are lot of troubles which  we have to tackle.but  usually we work with  other functions,so many people. and this is also exciting, 'cause  you know  some people has different view.and sometimes it stimulate me,  it brought a new ideas,and  very  new  way to see.yeah.free time? . i like cinema.yeah.. any movies except  hollywood,. yeah. i especially like european film and the french film and british films.'cause  they  sometimes   write about  life itself. i mean,  what is important for life, what is important for happy life.yeah. and     sometimes  i can find a new thing i haven't noticed before. . ..right. .this is a restaurant.and it looks  a little bit posh restaurant.and there are three tables. and  three couples who are having dinner. and  there is a piano near the wall. and  the lady is playing the piano.. the   no, sommelier  is serving a wine. and he seems to explain what this wine is.and  i think  the guy     sitting of the center table  is talking to him. and  he looks very enjoyable.and he likes wine very well.and  in terms of other two tables,  they are having dinner. and  yeah, they are served food.  not drink.yeah.. yeah, i like it. yeah. as long as  i don't have to pay. . last time.  formal dinner?.. i think  many years ago. . usually  i go to a very casual restaurant.yeah. so   probably it's party.yeah. and you know, we launched  product .and it was very successful.so  it was a celebration party.yeah.. actually,  it was buffet party and not as formal  like this.but  the restaurant looks very posh and  the foods are very nice.yeah. we enjoyed very much. it was  in  daikanyama... we had marketing people and   from the agency.yeah. it was a big party and really nice....o k..hello. this is .. i'm sorry. i can't go this party tonight. because  my daughter was ill.. and  i have to take her to the hospital.so  it's very shame.i'd love to go there but  i'm very sorry, i can't go.so  please invite next time.yeah. i'd like to go there very much. so  please. god. . o k. . .. birthday party?.. sorry.  actually,  my husband is away for business trip. and  my parents live  away. so  i am the only person who take care of her.. i'm very sorry. and please tell everybody   i'd like to go there. but i can't.  probably   i will have my birthday party next time. yeah.... yes. of course. .yeah.  very much.thank you. .o k. i have no daughter. right. .  ?.all right.  if i have a daughter, then   is ill. .i can't go to the party.yeah. definitely, i can't..'cause to me, family is the first priority.yeah. that's obvious. i believe my friends understand.yeah.yeah. .. actually, yeah, when i was in ,i had sometimes. 'cause  my room was big enough.  but   since i move to , it's very shame, my room is very small. so not home party. but  one or two friend came to my home. and then had  party, that. yeah.......?.right..o k.right. . one day last week, a guy,  i think his name is tom, is driving a car. the other side  the guy,  his name is  peter, is driving a motorcycle with  phoning to his girlfriend. tom and peter came across on the street. and accidentally, they hit each other. and   peter's mobile phone was dropped from his hand. and unfortunately, it was broken. . peter claimed  his mobile phone and his motorcycle  was broken by tom's car. and  they quarrel on the street. but a police came. and then, listened what they are  talking.and  tom claimed the reason they hit each other was because of the peter's   mobile phone. he was using a mobile phone during his driving. and then, it was very careless.  then  finally,  the motorcycle  was taken to the shop for the fix. and then,  he had to see her girlfriend on foot....yeah. i drive a car.yeah.. fortunately, nothing.. i'm a good driver. .right. first of all, i ask the guy involved the accident were o k or not.. yeah.  isthe first priority. and then, ring up the police.and  report what happened.and then, i think probably i'll call up the my insurance company.and then sort out the money or the those kind of stuffsyeah... since i move to tokyo, i haven't .because    i sold my car.yeah. but before that, i used a car by commute.yeah.. horrible. i think it's crazy. .  first of all, the  width of road is different.yeah. and  the number of pedestrians and the bicycles are very different from .obviously, the  has less than .so i think that driving in  would be much easier.yeah.... after this interview? . i'll go back to work.yeah..probably seven o'clock.. yeah.. . unfortunately, not. go back  home and then watch t v.yeah.. yes, yeah. that's my favorite things. . it was great time .yeah.thank you very much.