my name is .yeah.i live in . , ?. from .. one hour and ten minutes.but  my high school is  more far my university because i go to . i went to there.so more take high school.yeah.. i  just  looking outside of a train. andif i read a book or something,my eyes go  i'm .my hobby. . sleeping is my hobby. yeah.of course. . actually i study more than this   teachers teach me. i  a bookand  read myself,and study.i'm  very interested in  diplomacythat i study.. maybe diplomacy is   , very difficult  and very . because  when i was high schooli go to u.s. and joined   and talked with some countries' students. and  yeah, kind of very fun... maybe a diplomatist.it's my . yeah.this maybe mathematic class.and teachers teaches some  students.but   as many class, this class also     there is few students to listen carefully.many students  talk each otherand many  drinks.. yeah. today many studentsdo e-mail. in class time.chewing gum. only this boys  with  golden hairlisten carefully and studying.   can never listen  what  says. maybe she . yeah. did you like?yeah. . i liked a japanese history teacher.he also likes me.. i don't know. maybe i'm a this student,  listen carefully .so he very likes me he often tell the students  he like him. this class is very interesting.yeah. he knows very very    in detailabout german's history. university teachers. yeah. ?about history?  you know soga?soga family? ?  they have built many family temples.and you know that temple has    . this is  or.yeah.and bottom of this,there's some bones.it is called  bone. soga do that. fake.yeah. i'm sorry. i .o k. . i wanna go to new york.  so when can i go to new york by train??. no. how can i go to new york ?yeah.so  how can i buy  express train ticket?o k. please  give me  one ticket.. no. much is it?. . so how about  second quickest train?yeah.how much is it?eighty dollars.o k.   i will buy it.. cash, please.thank you.. .many countries    now i'm interested in arab country.. so  they have many  very different culture from us.today  we are in the .but most information we get isfrom the america or .yeah. we we don't know about arab and african.  there. i make the story ?one day last week,when i was talking with   .. on a street, there're one colorful box.and i heard   something something   from this box. i say ".". noticed in a box.there is a cat.and she said, "i want to  take himto my house.".      i'm very. i can't sayi can't sayanything good but she keep saying  take this cat home. at last,we take this box and  go to her house.i'm sorry.no.no, never.  my father don't like  pets.. maybe i can't take care. yeah..yeah.yeah. . it's case by case. .. maybe  i want to consider it very carefully with my friend.and  listen to  what he say. i say   yeah, maybe ..  i just go back to my house,and study.. o k. . difficult question.so what do you mean,  it means about terrorism ?yeah. . the terrorism .but  any  attack.   actually i'm not agree with american . most american people agree attack. maybe seventy percent .it's too much. .maybe attack is not a good solution, i think.maybe  more very kind way is the best solution i think. there are many people  don't even have some foods and .yeah.