good morning.  .it stopped. i'm pretty good, thank you.how about yourself?. not so near. about hour and a half away.in a city called .do you know where that is?yeah. . not too much. planning to move.i don't like the environment near the base.and  yeah, many other things. too complicated to explain..  a nearby city called  .good environment. better schools, i hope, . sure.  i have a daughter who's fourteen. she's in eighth grade. her name is . and i have a son who's name is , and he's ten years old. he's in forth grade.  my kids are pretty busy. my daughter loves to danceso she's busy going to dance classes.  my son loves soccer. i mean, he lives soccer so he's busy with his soccer games.  i play the sanshin if you know what . instrument. it's  similar to   banjo.so i'm busy with that.  when we get together, if we ever do,  my parents live in so we en  joy going to the beach during the summer time. yeah, just rest.yes.   i used to play the classic guitar when i was living in l a.a long time ago. i took  classical guitar classes.and so i love playing the instrument.and then i played the drumsafter that. but then i always loved  the string instrument, and  and then i love okinawa. so  it just match. my love for okinawa and my love for string instrument. and so it's really fun playing, and you sing at the same time. yes.but it's hard because it's in okinawa language. it's very different from  the japanese language.if you've ever heard of it, it's .yes.so it's hard to remember the verse and remember the lyrics,  but it's interesting.keep me awake. it's not a school.  it's kind of like a school. it's  individual teacher.     it's a small class. we have like  twenty to thirty students. yeah, compared to bigger classes... but my teacher happens to speak english also. .yes. so yes.  my friend's husband is  he's like a coordinator for okinawan  like concerts and stuff like that, events.and   she's a good friend of mine so i asked her  for any  that i can get from her husband.and  he said, " you have the right person or  there's a right person that nears by actually.".so i went him. i  really lucky.o k. yes.   i guess they're couple.  they're  at a very fancy, nice restaurant  enjoying wine.  i don't know. a woman is playing a piano.   looks like a very fancy restaurant because i don't see any kids.   three groups of people enjoying the dinner with the sommelier. more? more explanation? tree .  sommelier's in a tuxedo.  . that's about it. o'clock. o'clock....right. the difference  them?yes.  yeah, a family restaurant   is casual,   you can order things without worrying about payment.   a lot of kids, yeah.   i don't see any sommeliers in  family restaurants.some family restaurants, i guess, serve wine, but not too many.i don't know. because i don't drink..yes.   that's about it. and you can see family restaurants anywhere this fancy restaurant, maybe  inside hotels ordowntown tokyo maybe.. when i went to okinawa in december with my friend, we went a nice restaurant. it was pretty big.  what did we eat? we ordered a course menu. but i'm a vegetarian so i really have to choose every time i go to a restaurant. that's one thing i really need to be careful about. because in japan, it's really hard to get vegetarian mealswhile in the u s a, it's very easy to find. but here, it's hard.  so when i order, i always have to askwhat's insideof this.  so that is my . but  it was  yeah, a nice fancy restaurant...o k.. . i bought this shirt, but i really didn't like it.i don't like the color. can i exchange it?why?. i changed my mind.i felt   that i wanted this gray at that moment,but i went home and i prefer red.so i don't wanna wear it. how can you help me?why?.no. go this .i don't like it,and then i  wanted exchange it.? always change a policy for me. i know that i'm a valuable customer for you. can you ? can i wait?o k. what can i do while i'm waiting? to drink?.  i much prefer coke. ?? you're not being ...o k.o k. i'll talk to you then...when i was little.my dad's job got transferred . experience in l a.   actually i was almost shot. that was the biggest thing.  stuck in my memory. my mom was driving. and  she usually  doesn't take that road. it was  like a dangerous street. but it was a short-cut to our house.and she was in a hurry.so she had no choice so she took that road. i think it was near santa monica. i forgot. but anyway, we  stopped at a traffic light. and  two men were walking in front of us.and among all these other people.and one of them just looked up at me and he just kind of went like that .and i noticed that at that moment, and i freaked and i just was quiet. i couldn't do anything. and my mom didn't know. she was like you know, looking around, waiting for the light to change. and i was like, ".". and then  the man next to him,  he went like that. and said, "stop it.".and then they just walked on. and that's how we were saved and survived.  but that was a scary experience.yes. it was in l a. and .and it's .since then, i guess,until now.  yeah. but  other than that, i had  real good friends. there were no japanesenear my neighborhood or in my school.so  i had a chance to learn a lot of english. my mom said it was speaking english like .i had no choice friends.and that was good, and i really had good friends. yeah. it was good. it was fun.i don't like this other part. .. . american people, when they first meet me and they ask me how'd you learn, you know, my english,and i explain that my situation that i live in l a., "yuck.". so i said  it wasn't yuck at that time. and they said, "no, l a. has always been yuck.". since then. but it wasn't that bad. but i lived in west l a.so it was kind of like the center of l a.so  people who live in california stay refer to the smoky place. that the foggy and it's gray  time.yeah. yeah. so   it was hard for us to play outside because you can always get kidnapped or you know, dangerous .so i used to always play with my friends. i went to their homes and they had swimming pools and tennis courts andmy childhood days. yeah...going this wayfrom one to six?.o k.  one day last week, could this be me?o k.  my friend and i  were preparing to go on a camp.  and then just go on.o k.  we left early in the morning, and arrived at the camp site  before noontime. and  we enjoyed preparing the food for lunch,  setting up the tent. and  just as we were looking forward to our lunch, we heard   no,   the sound of rain. ".". and then the tent was blown away. our food was vanished.   we escaped inside the car, and  we found a nice hotel instead. and  looking at the bright side of it,  the whole story, we ended up in a nice hotel room, bright sunshine the next morning with  comfortable   environment,  enjoying tea.or  no, this is maybe night time,  could be morning.o k.yes.yes.. i mainly cook. and i'm organic, too.so i order organic foods and i'd rather not eat food outside because i know  it's poisoned,  i would put it. genetically modified products are out there.  i don't trust it very much. so i order everything, and i would  much rather have my kids eat the same as i do.so  i enjoy cooking at home  under the very busy .i tryas hard as i can.   what was your question, sorry? how do i manage. o k.   that's how i do.  and then when i go to restaurants with friends,  i just askin detail  inside. or  "please omit the  or whatever  inside.".that's how i do it.but then  i eat a little bit of fish and the fish broth is always in japanese food.almost always.so  my foreign friends who are strictly vegetarians, they call vegans,  they have a very hard time when they come to japan. sorry for them because they can eat maybe tofu. other things, say it's very  to find.yes.yes.yes.  it did start out as like vegetarianism, but    i don't like fish that much, but i still eat them. but i didn't like meat. i didn't like eggs at allwhen i was growing up.but mom would serve it, and i would reluctantly eat it. but then like maybe ten, eleven, twelve years ago, i thought   people who love to eat meat or eggs,   that's fine.i mean i don't have anything against .but i don't like them and when i'm eating them, that means i'm killing more animals,you know, to provide . when i thought about that, i said i'm gonna stop.and then  my daughter,  i think when she was in first grade, she said the same thing as i did.so as i was growing up, i was eating.so i didn't know how that would effecta young, you know, body.so i wasn't sure so i said, "if you are copying mom, i don't want you to do that," you know."just followwhatever you want to.". and she said, "no, i don't feel like eating meat.  i don't believe animals were born to be eaten.". so i said, "o k.".. she's determined. . she stopped. so she's been stopping for quite a while. my son started saying the same thing. i'm thinking maybe he'll stop.but he's a boy and he's very energetic.. the  avian flu  right now. yeah, but  i don't know, he might say the same thingpretty soon. stop.. i don't cook meat at all .but he gets  meat at school but my daughter brings  hot lunch .so she doesn't have a problem..o k. ..yeah.  our work is pretty much.   there's so many things to do andnot enough time. always. .. .