. my name is .nice to meet you.i'm fine thank you. and you? i'm working as a packaging developing assistant. and the job itself is  to evaluate the packaging of the products. it is have enough strings or durability or easy to use or to check some functions of packaging.  the evaluation takes long time. and there is  a lot of things to check. and also it takes sometimes, three months, four months time. so it's very hard to organize  the testing. and also we have to make  a lot of documents, like specification or some  seat or so  i need more time  more thirty hours a day or yeah.yeah that's the current situation. i hope it would be improved. yeah.last winter vacation? i went to  my wife's house. and i spend just   almost all the time. but it was a good time to spend with my daughter because normally,  weekdays i can't spend with my daughter.. o k. my daughter was becoming two years old  on thirty-first january..and i took  day off on that day and spend with my daughter   to go to buy some presents to her and yeah. her name is  . and she speaks a lot, but almost is meaningless.  i can't understand her saying. ?but my wife can understand something because she always stays with my daughter and talks something.yeah.. i  just decide that name by the pronunciation or just   good hearing  verbally good  yeah.  i and my wife, talked a lot about her name but   finally  that's my wife's idea. but i think that's a good name for her. yeah. my idea was  very strange because  i would like to put a name very special because if we put "hanako" or some usual name   i think  it might be her complex or some, so the special name  is better, i think. .yeah. yeah. yeah.yeah....o k. o k. the situation is  maybe  high school  room.   and it is a mathematics'  period and most of the students are not interested in the mathematics.   some students are talking and some guy looks the outside.some are drinking and hearing some music. but  teacher just talking about mathematics. and only this person  he would like to learn something.  is that o k?.because most of them are not taking the notes even she is speaking something. and not  listening to her. and he is chewing gums. and  drinking juice or yeah. that's very bad situation, i think.that's me, maybe. .i'm  this guy .. school student.yeah.yeah, yeah, yeah.yeah..     my favorite teacher in high school   was a chemistry .and he's very  good at teaching. and  it's  not just like  this teacher just write down on the  black board or  just have a lot of   experimentand some interesting  small magic or yeah, yeah, yeah. so  i loved the  classroom.   there was a magnesium and  if you fire on the magnesium film   it's a  same theory as a flash of the camera. so the magnesium flashes very hot or very light or so that's a very good... forget  this situation ?. o k.. . o k.o k.    i bought   this  mobile phone from you.  but i don't like this shape and i do not the function of this mobile phone. could you  please  change this one to the newest one?  i know that's your policy  but  i really don't like  this open-close function. i like the simple one and    i really appreciate that if you can change this one to that one because i bought this one today, so maybe  you can change. of course i can pay  some money,the difference from this one to that one.yeah... o k. so  could you  please phone call  to your  shop manager or some responsible person?really? o k. o k.  in that case   do you have any  other   connection or  any other  person who  you know  the person in charge of the shop? yeah, yeah, yeah. so, o k. at this moment, so you are the responsible person for  this shop?no?. o k. o k. in that case, could you  please call me back after they are coming back. or your manager.yeah, yeah.yeah.o k.yeah, yeah.yeah, thank you..yeah.thank you. is that o k? yeah. no. i don't think so.because   if i buy some  product and it has some defect, i normally don't complain about that. my wife  always complains  about the defect some product which has a defect or some bad things. .? it's a little bit troublesome. yeah, yeah, yeah.   the defect is very critical for the functions or if i buy some food and  it's  molded or it's gone, o k,  i can tell it to the supermarket. but  if it's not so critical, just a scratching here or  i can accept  because i have to find to person and then they transfer to some other guy and then other guy, .yeah..yeah, .yeah.short story?last week.. should this guy be me?.o k.  can i start?. o k.     last saturday,my younger brother  is just walking with   his girlfriend.and it was a rainy day and he heard something    from the box on the street.and  he just look around and he found a box and to look inside the box and  he and his girlfriend found a cat in the box. and his girlfriend would like  to bring back the cat because it's rainy day  it's very bad situation for the cat. but my younger brother   said, "no. it's not allowed  to have a cat in my apartment.".but the girlfriend would like to.so, finally,  they brought the cat to the apartment.  ... the main reason should be the noise of the bow-wow, kyan-kyan, meow, that's the main reason, i think.because apartment has a lot of families and  peoples and  they live separated with but the wall is a little bit thin, so the noise easily come to the other room.yeah...yep. .i would like  to finalize my .and yeah, and i have a lot of testing so i firstly  i listed up the testingfor new project.yeah. and then arrange the necessary things.and just to plan, too.yeah, yeah, yeah. that's good.yeah.yep..thank you very much.