good evening.my name is .please.. . pardon? .   yeah,    i usually going to home   after  my work.  in train? i usually read the book, or listen to the music..     i'm a office worker, and at  university office, and i work   as a   office worker  for language laboratory.yeah.. i have to speak  english sometimes.  and  because  many native speakers  come my office. and they teach english, or    as a  language,  but they  don't want to speak japanese. so  i have to learn english, and  i must speak english more fluently..   i don't know the reason. but   many native speakers can  speak japanese a little,  but  many japanese are      too kind for them, and  recently  many japanese can speak the english  better than    many years ago, so     they have us     speak to english. i live in .. . about one hour.. yeah.. i'm interesting  in the  japanese literature and  overseas literature. but  now, i'm study at  university,  and my major is philosophy. so i sometimes read a philosophical books.. for example, on saturday,   i'm free  and i have to clean up my room, and  washing my clothes, and   cooks or something else for my housekeeping. and   in addition  to house work, i  take a walk, and meet some friends, or listen to music, or some rentaling the videos or movies,etcetera.yeah.yeah. i see   landscape, and with a big house, and   large garden. and in the garden, a few children   are playing. . and two of them  play volleyball, and one of them are jumping with the rope. and     one man   is running  on the street  near the house. and two womens are speaking and chatting. . and one of them  has a dog. .   i think  the women  are   chatting about their life or  very  popular topics. . and  in another side on the street,  a    old man   is reading a newspaper,  and  sitting on the bench.. no, i don't like  it.  the house is too big, i think.. the clean up is too heavy.yeah. my house is a apartment house. so      of course,  another person lives in the same place,   four person. and that is a most difference   than this house.role play, yeah..ring, ring. hello. i'm  cooking in the kitchen. what about your and,   .  how about  your this week end?. so,    i have a   plan, and that is a  watching movie in shibuya. .    do you want to go with me?yeah? . the movie is a very  famous movie, but i don't know that   content. . but the director is very famous, so,  i want to  see that, o k?  is better?in the afternoon? o k. i'm searching,  just moment please.  the movie is  starts at three o'clock. .  .     do you mind meeting us     in front of  shibuya station  at ?. o k?   and    i take  tokyuu toyoko line, so, and  i'd like to   meet you  at the south entrance of shibuya station.  are you o k?o k. thank you. .i'm looking for  meeting you.see you. bye.yes.. . . i saw the movie   about two weeks ago. and the title is 'pan tadeusz story'.    polandish movie. and that director is andrzej wajda,  very famous movie. but the  content is very difficult for me   because i can't understand the  background of poland history.urrm.     i took  tea with my friends  near the movie theater.o k.  do i make a story   about the picture?o k..    last monday,  i took a walk with my boyfriend. and it was a rainy day.  .   and then,  he  catch a voice  or  something  the noise, and  i asked  him  what do you  listen to.   he    told me  the voice of    kitty,  i guess.   and then, i found a  very cute and little  cat  on the street. . the cat was   very    miserable  because of the very heavy rain. and i hold up the   kitty, and i wanted to  take it  to my home. but my boyfriends  said me no,  and    because   he don't like cats. but      i couldn't and give up    helping for the cat. so i  hold up the  cat, and i took it to my home.no.   i have not have a pet.. yeah. .  cats or dogs.. very  popular animals. and  both animals have  each  advantage. and  cat is a very cute, and  they do very    free mind. and  i don't have to  take a walk. .     but dog is  very   honest for the person.yeah.yes. .. nobody.yeah. i live  alone..