my name is .yes.nice to meet you.yeah,  i'm fine, thank you, ?.yeah.  because    toward the end of the month, i have to do   lot of things.yes..       until  eight o'clock,yes.  i'm leaving the office,yeah, usually.?after work?    i spend  with my family,and at home.yeah,   i'm live in  yokohama.yes.     pardon? yeah.  by train.it takes  one and  a half hours.yeah.     i go shopping.    saturday and  sunday, i usually     in the home and clean the room     or something   and go   near the shopping, to buy foods .yeah.yes.. .   i enjoy the gymnastic.yeah. but,  recently,  i don't  any sports.yeah.  the reason  because  yeah,     gained the weight.so  i have to control my weight.yeah..    lose the weight. that's i hope.yes.?yes.  i enjoyed the jazz club.. i played  clarinet and saxophone. .yeah.   i  didn't play the  instruments  for  five years or so. because  i live in an apartment.so  noisy..  jazz and  soul..yeah.yeah.. ..  i heard my friend the recommendation c d. and i try and buy. .yeah.the man  running. and the women are taking with each other. and the cat is sleeping on the car.  the girls   playing with rope.   the boys playing with ball. .    he's reading the  newspaper and he is sitting on the  bench. .  the house  is along the road.yeah.yes.yes.and  now,   i live in the yokohama. and very crowded .  many houses are there.  and no  private park and no space for  car parks. so  it's ideal  atmosphere    and   house circumstances, yes, i think.because the  my wife's parents live in the    same  ward..and, yeah, the two house, so and one. so i have to  live   this apartment until the summer.so i mean,  seeking for new mansion.. yeah.yes.yes.yeah.  excuse me. could you please tell me   the fast way  to go to new york by train?yes..how many    i have to wait    to use the next fast express train?twenty minutes?how much is   ticket be?seventy dollars? yeah. i want to buy  two tickets  and  some discounts are there  because   to buy two tickets?yes..yes. . yes.yes. .cheaper?how much cheaper?.  where is the ticket booth?right here?yes.  yes,    so two ticket, please.. first express .yes. thank you..yeah, .yes. i'm been  italy.yeah. . .occasion? the napoli.the north italy.italy. yeah. go around,and  spend  with cheaper hotel.and    i enjoy the conversation with  italian. . ..because   i learning the italian,so i want to  try,to speak in italian.it's the   delicious food.and cheerful people,and the fashion . so  that's why i like italy.yeah. no, but  without milano,i'm going to major place.yeah. .yeah. and   north people    is      sophisticated.. south people are  cheerful.and  countryside is the very comfortable atmosphere,because the .and they spend the time less quickly,  themselves.yeah..yes.yeah. she went to department, and  she is going to buy a necktie  to present    her  husband. so she choose   one necktie, and       the necktie is   wrapped for gift. and she paid money for necktie. and she's wandering the department store, and she found   the shoes. the shoes is  for  sale. and    she find  the  discounted wears, so she  bought   many things. and she left the department..for clothes?.  "tomorrow world", marunouchi and yokohama..yeah,    i know the staff,yeah, from five years or so...  he knows ,    how can you say, the taste.. so he keep the  wear, and then calling and i'm going to the shop..  so i  . yes.yes.yeah, .yes.yeah.yeah. .yes..  but the    if i take dinners outside,it costs,yeah,  one thousand yen or ., and  not so good taste  outside..yes.yeah.thank you.