good morning. my name is .yes. please .i'm fine, thank you. i live in  ,  ward.  i take   line to get here. commute? i usually  read book,  especially, i like  science fiction, fantasy, some story like i don't get tired. .i actually keep reading  long story.  it is on half way.  the book will be finished  about one hundred volume. i'm on seventy-five volume . yes. writer is a japanese writer. and she is still writing  . science fiction and some fantasyinclude.    it's romantic, and  this story is  not true story.  this is totally fiction. and  she is writing another world. it's totally   another  universe. so    i can imagine that world, and it's very interesting.and some   attractive people are living in that world. and  they live their life world.  and they sometimes use extraordinary power.   it's dream.   in that world,  there are some   kind of magicians. they use extra power. they  move the things without hand or they can   transit, i mean,  to move to another placequickly.so that kind of power. it's like a  e s p.  i'd like to use that transportation power. i can move to another place with long  distance for one or two seconds, so i can come to company  very quickly.so  i really need that power..yes.  this is one of  a class. it seems to high school class.  teacher  is teaching, maybe, mathematic.  but most of students are not listening .       the students look free.  they are wearing  fashionable.  so     the school may have free style. .because that she is writing something,    graphicon the board.   the teacher in my high school was   much  older. and   almost mathematic teachers  were men.   they also wore glasses, and they never smiled.  they speak  very difficult language, totally i didn't . but   yeah.       i didn't understand mathematics, so i  long her, because   not many woman like mathematic.  if i could,   i could be a mathematic teacher.... i bought this  clothes, but  this is a bit bright to me. so, could you change  the color  with  same design? because     yesterday, i put it on   in the store.  so i could not realize the color is very bright,but when i  went home,i put it on,and  i looked the color is too bright to me.so   this pink color is  very bright it's not  fitted to me.   if it's o k,could you change it kind a blue or darker color?   no, i didn't tried . o k. . yes.  here you are.. o k. .thank you..no.     i usually don't go to the shop again,  i quickly give up   to negotiate with.  it's a bit  bother. anyway, if i don't like the color or sizes bit, it's not fit to me, so i will  try to keep them on.   if the size is too short, i may go to the shop and negotiate with the clerk,but  most of time, i give up. . ..   if i buy clothes, i try  it on     to look for something wrong, i mean if the print is very pretty,but  it's not fit to me,  i don't buy. the most  important thing is   how nice to look. .. the family went to picnic by car on their holiday.  they went   to the river and built a tent.  they stayed in outside, but suddenly, it  started raining.   the weather changed quickly, and thus  the weather was very bad with storm and heavy rain, so they   rushed into their car   and  they drove to look for  an hotel.  they  a hotel and  they decided to stay the . no, i didn'thave that .yes. i like to do outdoor sports. .for example, i sometime climb mountain.  i go ski  during winter season. . .  first, it's good for my health.  i walk long time and it's good exercise to me. and also,  the nature is very good.  i like the natures.   it's very comfortable  when i am in mountain or seaside.   i'm sick of  city,  too much buildings, so not good to . i like the outdoor. i'm go back .yeah. .thank you.