my name is .yes, sure. i live in  city  which is  close to  university of .. it is called the ,   but actually, it's not so  organized, yet. there are lots of trees and greenery so   it's kind of between the country side and the urban city. of   staying there is that we have two children so  it's very good as an environment because they have greenery. so our children enjoy and going in prime trees and sort of things. but at the same time,  my working place is very close so it's very convenient. yeah. it's  about the fifteen minutes distance,yeah, by car..yeah.yes..  they are elementary school  students. and my son is sixth grade, and my daughter is forth grader. and they really  like this place.. my hobby is   watching movies. but recently, i'm so busy so i just  watching movie on t v.i like all kinds of movies except horror movies. i don't like blood and  and  strange  scene. yeah. i can't stand it.so just  turn it off.yeah.last movie i saw is that  just a second.   i recently watched "the  lost world". yeah.and  i think it's  sequence of i think "jurassic park". and a lots of   reptiles   appeared. and but there's a kind of story compared with  "jurassic park". so i really enjoyed it.yeah.yeah, very interesting, yeah. and  i like the  director    spiel  berg. . i think he is a great  movie director. yeah, i really enjoyed it.yeah... of course, i teach  general english. and at the same time, i teach    so called   which means i have to teach  the kind of books   about related to the  linguistics  to the student who want to become a teacher in the future. . particularly i'm interesting in the evaluation and also listening skills. and for the general  subjects,  i teach communication and listening, yeah, to particularly freshman.yeah..    i like teaching, but  i like more research. o k. . two men are skiing. and this is i think the ski resort.   and there's a cottage here. and those who don't want to  skiing,  they just enjoying  have a cup of tea. and there's a ski lift, and  while they're going down, they can going up using the lift. and   some of them are good. they can ski together. but some are    maybe he's not good at skiing, maybe he is just a beginner. and the children who don't want to  skiing,  they just enjoy  throwing the snow balls. and  they had  very   good time,  i think. and  how many minutes?yeah.yeah.. no.   so far, i tried only once. it was, i don't know, about fifteen years ago maybe.  one of my friends ask me to go together. and   this is you know, like you know, me you know.   i couldn't ski at all. and  i fell down a lot. and  my hips you know, becomes kind of red, i guess maybe. you know, so wet and   at that time,  i promised that i would never play ski again. yeah. it was terrible.yeah.o k..o k. actually i participated in the tour.   i thought it was very gorgeous. and  however, when i participated in the tour,  i found the so many things are different.. and  i want you to compensate the money i paid.. for example, when i  arrive at the hotel, and    i think i ordered the suit room. but   it's kind of just a double room. there is no furniture or kitchen at all. so   i couldn't cook for my partner, and i couldn't stay there for many hours because the room is very narrow.  but  at first, i thought that i  made a appointment at a suit room. but which was different.yeah.yes, i talked   to the hotel manager.but     he said he didn't have a suit room. and there is no point i could get into the  suit room. but you know,   as a plan, i've already ordered the suit room. so  and i've already paid. that's the point..   but   you know,  at first,  there's a statement that   if something wrong happened,  the company  paid it back to me. so  it actually stated. so i think you should do something about it.  and you should talk to the i think the manager i think.yeah... o k. good..o k.thank you.. . i don't know.  many many years ago,  i stayed at  and also the . and   i like  very much because    it's very country side. but in autumn time, though it's cold,  i saw  you know, the leaves are turn yellow and red,   and the sky is very clear. and  any people enjoy the scenery because they clean the  grass   and every sunday. and  they have their own garden. and when i went driving, the scenery is so beautiful. and i went to the some kind of cottage. and they actually  got  maple sugar out of the tree. and  i was very impressed. yeah.  i wish i could live there  for many years.actually i went there  to study   in order to get master's degree for about one year. so yeah, i couldn't stay there longer.yeah.that's the city   i like the most..   a man is driving. .       i think  he want to work  at a company. so he is heading for the company.  and  on the opposite way,  a man who is driving a motorcycle. and unfortunately,  he had a conversation with his girl friend. and he didn't pay attention to the front.  and when the car is turning around,  the car hit the motorbike, and he  dropped off his  cell phone. and he got angry. and he said that you know,  "look at my bike, you know, it's broken.".  but  the man got angry, too because   he didn't pay attention to the car. and he insist that  "i was not wrong.  you are the person who were very careless.". and so  anyway they called the police. and  he said, "  it was using the phone  while  he was driving.". and police was  listening to them.  and anyway,   since   he can't use the motorbike, so he ask the rent-a-car to  carry to  maybe their repaired  shop. and  he went back..  to tell you the truth, once. but  it was not so serious because i just   went backward for a little, and it  turned around to the different directions. but i  went backward a little bit faster so i hit the  reared  corner to the kind of white wall. so   my car little bit  kind of scar. but i think  it was o k. and  i was relieved it was not human. yeah.that was an accident. so  so far so good. . by car?definitely not., you know.   somebody told me that in , the road,  it's a bit wider than the road in . and   i thought that you know, the reason why i could drive safely is that  because of the wide of the road. so  i've never tried driving in . traffic is so terrible, i think. and   i think i can't do it well..  that's why many people,  i think they drive over speed anyway. so i have to be careful. and particularly i have to be careful if  the man in front using the cell phone sometimes. and   the way of driving  is  strange. at that time, i have to be slow down, and try to keep distant from him. yeah.yeah, that's the thing i have to be careful. .yeah... yes.   yeah, after finishing this interview.yes. yeah. anywhere by train,  i go the   station. and then i use the bus directly to .yeah.  but  sometime it takes about more than two hours from  to when the traffic is very terrible.yeah.sometimes. yeah, very crowded.  . particularly   around of this hours.yeah.friday evenings..  i think it's very frequent. every fifteen minutes. so i think i manage that.yeah. yeah. .yeah.o k. thank you very much.thank you.