 good afternoon.my name is .fine, thank you. and you?i'm living in .no. i'm live alone.my hometown is , at foot of mount . so i'm named after mount . i office worker.  and word processor  . my company is a    air conditional maker.  so-so.  my hobby is tea ceremony. when i  began to  learn tea ceremony, my job is very very busy. so i wanted to relax. so i began tea ceremony. and this was very good for my  mental condition. so i  decided to continue to learn this ceremony.just once a week. but    my friend and i often   hold tea ceremony party so  almost  all the free time of weekend, i use    my free time to tea ceremony.  things.. . this is a famous  restaurant. and the  couple  sit  at table. they are    newly married couple. and this is the wife's  first birthday  so the  husband chose that restaurant. and   the dinner  has just began, and  the husband is  choosing the wine for drink. yes. but i don't know much.  about    once every   two months. i don't have my .  i like to  many restaurant,   restaurant.hello.   keiko  ? ,  are you free this weekend?    a very good  cinema is  showing on the  theater. i have two tickets. if  you don't mind,  shall we go to see the movie?so  what time  will we meet and where? sorry, sorry. the  cinema starts ten, twelve, and two.two.   but  where will we meet?  how about umeda?   do you know umeda bigma? in front of kinokuniya bookstore, there is a big   projector.  you can find easily. shall we meet there at one forty five? but   how will you come to there?.  i live    along hankyu line, too. so    what line do you use?kobe line.  but  i will use a express so  we'll meet .that's very  convenient to go.yes, yes. yes, yes.thank you. bye bye.. i don't watch movie   almost.i don't know.  just   one day last week, i went to a department store to buy a tie for my father's birthday present. and i  decided a green and orange peizury tie, and i bought for  . and  on the way to home, the  lower floor, i found the lady's shoes go on  thirty percent off sale.  i decided to buy one. and then  the lady's  cloth depart, the   pretty spring  clothes are fifty percent off. so i bought my spring clothes. and when i  leave the  department store,  i had spent   much money, and  i have many    paper bags. so-so.  i have a   favorite shop in a department store.  when i want to buy  some cloth,  usually i go to that shop. lady's clothes shop. . clerk    is very much understand  me   about  what cloth i like  and situations.plan?   i will  go the fitness club, and   work out a little, and  take a  jag-zee bath, and relax, and go home.thank you.thank you very much.