my name is .. .yes.. wednesday.  i have four classes.and after finishing my class,   i work for school.yes.. my job is supporting of life culture school.and there,  i copy. i make text books, and i talk with customersand so on. a lot of work.my favorite class? i like my seminar class best.because at the class, i can do whatever i want to do.i want to know about internet technology.. the seminar class teach that. and i can use any kinds of internet working goods.so  i like it.yes.   free time, i like reading books, listening music, singing songs and having a sleep.. my favorite book. . please wait a moment. . yesterday,i read this book.and it is some kind of mystery book.but i like this writer.and i enjoy this book very much.. it's about   missing story.about man's personality. i can't tell it well, but some kinds of the meaning of life... yes.yes.  this place is maybe a restaurant or some kinds of bar.these people, men and women maybe celebrate some special events about their life. maybe they are dating, i think. but i can't know the truth. the restaurant looks like very elegant.  other people having dinner, i think. looks like   very very happy and relaxed. the time is seven. so i think it's dinner.and the lady playing piano  maybe for these customers' special dinner. this waiter is maybe telling them about the wine.the name of wine, the taste of wine and so on, i think.. yes. if i can go such kind of restaurant..  my favorite restaurant,  it's in chinese town. and on special day, our family went there to eat some to cerebrate  like a member of family's happy birthday,or cerebrate graduate and entering the school and so on. the foods of the restaurant is i think it's very nice.so we like to go there.. yes. a little.for example, i make  .i put some cold riceand egg and some potatoes and green peas and carrots.  i cut them, and then i put it to the frying pan.and cook. .yes.yes.  . excuse me? ... thank you. i want to buy a c d. do you have that?  i search for  c o beethoven.maybe it sounds like "moon light".do you have that?. maybe i don't have that, i think. . then do you have the c d of mozart? . there are so many mozarts there.   i don't know which is the best c d. so  please tell me if you know which is the best..  . then i want to buy them..how is the price?. o k. o k.  i buy them now.so here's twenty dollars.thank you very much.. when i have money.last thing.   i also boughta c d.yes.i like listening music. all kinds of music i like. but i especially like a music of men's band.. painting some kind of make up.last time, i bought  c d of "".its name is "".i wanted to but it.. about one year, i thought again and again. and recently,    my birthday come.and i went to  c d shop, and buy it.yes..yes. . can i have  a few time?yes.yes. one day last week, a girl and her maybe boy friend walking on maybe road.it was a rainy day. . "that is a box.".the boy said, "can you hear something?". the girl said, ".". the girl find the cat in the box.she catched out that cat, and smiling. the boy looked at that. she want to take the cat to the home. but the boyfriend said, "no. we can't have the cat.". maybe it is difficult for them to take care of the cat. but she knows if she say something more like "i want to have this cat. i want.". then   he will say o k.and said so.   he was a little confused.. "what should i do?". but  then he said, "o k.".as she hold the cat so  she couldn't use umbrella. so the boy friend use one umbrella to keep her from wetting.and they went home to bring the cat.yes. i have a pet. i have a dog. its kind is  terrier.  ancestor terrier series.   its size is about this.it's weight is about six and half kilo.i like it very much. i like both. but my  if i  have to choice, maybe dog.but i like cat, too. .    when she look me,she went to toilet and do something. i have to take off the newspaper her toilet. and i always give her some food. i can do the time.. some kind of pet food. i buy from the pet shop i bought her. but sometimes she didn't eat that.so i put some like potatoesand meats, fishes and so on and .yes.after this interview, i went somewhere to eat lunch.   somewhere i eat my lunch box. no.my mother make it for me.. thank you very much.