good afternoon.. i'm .i'm all right. thanks. how are you?.i live in the  prefecture,which is,  no, one and half an hour  by train.yeah. and i got lost when i came to here.i suppose i got through the right exit from honmachi station. but i  missed this building, and i was wandering looking for this building for half an ..i was so  to be late. actually, i do . i'm unemployed.looking for a job..  that is something i don't .that's why i don't have a job.i quit the job in december last year. and i'm gonna go on a holiday   in  few days to europe. and, after when i get back from europe, i'm gonna start  ..   i  for a bank. but   i didn't touch  money, actually. i was   dealing with the documents.that's all.. my hobby is  learning englishand  watching video...  when i was a student at high school or junior high, i wasn't  very good at in english. because i didn't use english    to communicate with the people. i was just learning grammar  and sentences, thing like that. but  i lived england for a year when i was  twenty-three and spent  a year.  and, after when got back from england, i had a test  which is toeic test. and i . and i was delighted and pleased. and  i just  to study  it.. . describe?  it's a fine day.  and   i'm not really good at describing.anything?  .    are playing volleyball  in the yard. and  two women  are having a chat. and one of them  is taking a walk with her dog.  is that all right?  ?. i can see a big house. and, in front of that,   i don't know what it is called,   girl is  leaping with  a rope. . and  a man  wearing glasses  are reading newspapers on the bench. .. north. near .. my hometown in  is quite   new quiet.because  that town is    you might call a bed town  where people live and going to the city for work and  back and just sleep in.  but my town, there are lots of old people. but  the town in england i went  is a kind of industrial area.  and there were lots of chimneys and factories. and    that was  hard to live for me because it was  different. people were different, and languages are  different, and,  i don't know, the town is different. population is  quite large in the town in england, but  i can't call it a city, because    there aren't educated . .  . i don't know. it wasn't  comfortable for me. so   don't know how to explain. sorry.. i didn't chose.who? the organization.. i applied for the program called . and that program's decision sent me  to there.i worked  as a volunteer japanese teacher., in england, no one wants to  just few studentsfrom  five-years old to, maybe, sixty..   all right. i liked my students. but i sometimes  thought that if  i had  a lot more students. . i understand.can i have a few minutes to think about it??o k. hello?it's .  . i'm sorry, but i can't come to the party tonight..    . just my mother  got hit by a car. it was an accident. but i should go to the hospital to care.no, no. it's not very serious. she was all right. but she was a little upset, so i want to be with herto make her calm down. and i'm sorry..  is everybody coming?.  can i have a word with everyone there, if you don't mind.i mean,  no, it .could you tell them that  i'm really sorry, and i really would like to attend, but i can't. and, maybe,  i'll threw a party  to  make up   this one. and  i'm really ... thank you. i'll invite you. i promise.. . no problem. .bye... i went  christmas party. and,  sometimes, parties  at church... christmas party  i went was  quite big.i don't  really celebrate christmas in japan. so i didn't expect  that was that big. that everybody was drinking and having  dinner  which was beef, turkeys, and veggies, and champaign and beer. everything was on the table.and  i got drunk.  i can't . i enjoyed it.yeah..  what kind?describe?.. all right. a man went to work  on tuesday last week.  and he got to the station. but he dropped his briefcase.  .  someone hit him, so he dropped his briefcase. and he tried to blame  for hitting him. but the man who hit him said that  he didn't know.  so a train came, and a man  couldn't pick his briefcase up. but, after the train passed, his briefcase was still on the ground. and  the officer from the station came to  help him. and  he got finally his briefcase back. that's all..i worked in    on the  line.. i should take a bus from my home to the station and  should take a train and change it and change it. maybe,  three times, i have to change.. yeah. . i don't know. 'cause  i'm used to it. so  i think, but japan has lots of .  ..this afternoon? no, not really. but, this evening, i'm gonna meet  friends from university..and drinking.thanks. .thank you.