yes, my name is . and, i'm working	corporation.yes, please.fine, but   i'm hang over. . i drank too much.yeah.did you  last night?. yeah. with my colleague, i went to kyobashi. do you know the kyobashi station?yes. it is  .ginza line and next to ginza. and  i went there first time.yeah.  my colleague  took me there. and  there was a beer hall and i drank beer so much.but     last thursday  i went with my colleague to drink and i lost my memory and red wine so much and awoke   next morning  i awoke and found myself on my bed. but i don't remember why i'm on my bed.so    i was always hangover in this week.yeahi'm little bit sick.how?    by drinking teawater or vitamins.yeah.it's snows. yeah, i like skiing and i bought a . do you know ? no. yeah. it is named  ski or ski boardand it is just one meter ski and without the stocks  we can slide..and    it is short so of course it is so cheap. and i was born in  prefecture and   always it snows one meter or more.so, i always  went skiing.    in my school, also  there are ski subject.ski classes.so, i like skiing now.yeah.yeah   this season two times  i went skiing. to niigata.it took three hours from kanagawa to niigata.we started midnight and  at morning,   we got there and    we play ski all day and  we went back by midnight.yeah.o k. it is third time for meto have this s s t testand this picture, it also third time.yeah.?yeah.. ..  o k  there is one woman in the room.   he is sitting and he is working on a personal computer.and, there is a dog and a cat. a cat is on the bed. and  it seems to me that it is   her own room and  and,  there is a stereo and calendar. and, there is a door open  and  a dog and a cat is sleeping. and, a woman is  working on personal computer but i cannot see what is in the windows. and, there is a typewriter beside the personal computer. .  yeah.in this picture.  my room in dormitory and  in my room also there is personal computer and bed and closet and desk.and, on the desk there is a computer and some booksand notes.   and  in my room, there is a refrigerator.when i was a university student, i lived alone so, i have a refrigerator,  or some dishesto cook.by myself.but, in my room now there is no kitchen. there is common kitchen but  it's not mine so i cannot cook meals and so, i must go to convenient store to have my dinner.. yeah  but  i want to move  apartment.what kind of? the apartment  where there is a kitchen and bathroom and toilet, and everything is there.     but near to the station and   near to the company. that is very expensive.and  in this picture there is a dog   in my hometown and my  parents' home, there is a dog.  it is a welsh corgi. do you know that?  it's kind. welsh corgi. i don't know why name is welsh corgi.but, it have sharp face just like a fox and there is big ears and there's  short legs.and   legs are white but his body is brown.he was born just eight month ago, i think.so, he's just  child and he is very selfish.   he bites me....hello, this is  speaking.and, i'm sorry to but i cannot go to dinner party   this night because     the   my mother had cold and she has very high fever.so  i must see her, now. . yeah? i .  and  last night. ..   my mother caught a cold. she got a high fever. and  i must have see her. yeah. and  i took her to a hospital.yeah. and so, next time, please invite me again. a .what kind?..i'm   looking forward to next party. .or next time, i'll invite you and everyone  to my home   i will hold a party..bye-bye.like this?. like this. sometimes  when i have some plan to go to a  party, because of my job, sometimes i cannot go to the party.because     we often  work  till .  midnight.so   there are very much work for me. too hard.yeah.o k?last week  monday   i went to the movie with my girl friend. and  after looking a movie and we went back to home. and  on the way to home, it was raining and but  i heard something and i heard the cat's crying. and, i look around and found of little box, and i found a little cat,   in that box.  and my girlfriend really loved that cat. and, she said to me that,   she wanted to take it to our home.  but, i hesitated it because to feed cat is very hard and we need responsibility. but,  my girlfriend insisted on  taking cat to our home hard so   i couldn't say no. so,  we took it to my home and we started to feed  that cat.yeah. the pets.  to take care the .as an owner. .  . firstly of course, we must  feed the dogs or cats.yeah. and   we need to feed them  not only for us. .  it's hard to say.this weekend, yeah.   tomorrow, we'll have a party with the friends of  my high school.yeah.  and but, today we had a plan to go to drinkwith my colleagues. .again   but   to tell the truth, i don't want to go,  because  now i'm hangover and feel sick.but,    it is needed to keep up connection or relationship with my colleagues.yeah, but on sunday,  i will have a rest. all day i will sleep.thank you.