.yeah. my name is .. yeah. or .. i'm fine. so, now, you know, it's a rainy season, but  yesterday and today, the, you know, beautiful or sunny or, yeah. i hate  you know, rain, so  yeah, today, so  i feel good. .?yeah,  i'm .   i had a date. so, i went to, you know,   near riverside. i walked along riverside and i watched  you know,  i don't in english but  you know, in japanese,   this season, so very, you know, famous flower in japan. yeah,  and then, i  went back to my home and  you know,  cooked dinner and  ate. yeah, so   you know, the wonderful time.yeah. you know, the,  in japanese, . you know the noodle? you know,   cool noodle. you know, like a, you know, hot noodle or in chinese . near the . but  it taste is the very cool and  cold. yeah, and  you know,  i put  you know,  like a  slice cucumber  and, the sliced the  egg like a, you know,   not scramble egg but  slice pieces of egg, and  you know, the  sliced ham, on  you know, the noodle. and       you know, like a sauce based on,  you know,  soy sauce. .healthy? yeah.so now i'm living alone so,  i'm  graduate student, so   i don't  little opportunity  to eat a vegetable. so yesterday,  i had a so a lot of vegetable. .. yeah.  my hobby is watching   or playing a baseball.yeah. i love a sports, but  especially watching, because i have a heart disease so  i had a operation,  when i was so   small, so   i can't  play a harder very much. so i love the watch and observe or, you know,  a little bit, you know,     or baseball player, which is my friends or,yeah. and  you know, i'm student so my school has a, you know, baseball team, so,  . this is a, you know, include a six university in the  yeah, metropolitan area, so    in a year, so    just a  league tournament..i'm cheering my team up  stadium  spring and in autumn season. yeah..yeah. .this is a, i think, her own room. and she is sitting on chair in front of the personal computer. and i think,     she had a two  pets. the one is a dog and the other is a cat. and cat is,  sleeping on her bed and dog is also sleeping  next to her bed. and she has a also,  i think  and you know, the good audio component. and  now  nine o'clock in the morning..yeah. i love listen to music. and especially, you know, the foreign music, like a american music or british music. yeah.  ., a little bit. because, you know,  it's  based on rock or, you know,  like a  a little bit heavy metal, but british song is, i think,  influence  by  beatles or something like that.  so  i feel english music is a little bit, you know,   than american music...yeah...yeah.  i bought  this things,  from your store, but  when i go back to  my home, so, i  checked it out, but i don't feel like,    than i bought at this store.  so i return    this stuff, and i get a, you know, my money. so, can i return this stuff?yeah.    so    when i was here,   you know, the color is very good and i feel very, you know, easy to use. but   no,  when i go back and check,  you know, how it works or how it good. i check but,  it's not,    you know, worse than i thought. yeah.  it is my fault ?yeah. but,  i think,      i don't like this stuff, so  if  it's not inconvenient for you, so please,  return this stuff and i wanna  or, .  so,  .  is it too difficult for you to, you know.?but?yeah. how about this one? so,     i    give you back,     but   i will buy the other stuff. but   i wanna price is a half  or  i wanna  get a discount..yeah.yeah.yeah. not buying but  when i went to united states, i have to   stay at hotel and at that time, i wanted to get a discount. so i have to negotiate with the clerk or hotel staff. but  you know, my skill of english is so poor, so  i couldn't  explain what i think or what i, you know, demand.so,  the, you know, talking is very difficult . yeah.  then, so i  wrote,  you know, on a paper, and yeah,    at that time,  i think is,  if  my english is so poor but, you know,   body language or using a, you know, writing on the paper is a,    i could manage to communicate with the other people. so, .this is a very good experience.."".  o k. let me explain.    one day last week, the guy went to his office.  so now, part one the picture is on their way to his office. and i think time is eight o'clock in the morning. and second picture is a,   someone hit the man. and   the guys  is a dropped  his luggage or baggage from his hand. and the luggage is  dropped,  you know, on the railroad. and third picture is a man was complaining about, you know, his luggage to  someone. and next to someone  is the other guy  just  was watching what happen. and the fourth picture is, i think the guy is asked  you know,   the station clerk to  bring his bag to guys. and then  station clerk is a you know, bring her luggage to this guy.  fifth picture is,  fortunately, he could get a luggage again. so,  without a, you know,  complaining and  he   got onto the train. and sixth picture is  he   sat on train seat and  he could went to    his office  without a, you know, big  deal.but  i think he was a little bit late,  than usual.. i hate  commuting by train. so  that is why  now i,  go to school by bicycle.. because  my hometown is just, you know, a rural or  so,  i  went to the  at first, so  i was shocked to see a, you know, crowded train.  and at first,  when i went to school,   i took a train. but  in the morning or in the evening,   i was exhausted into get on train. so   i   gave up,  taking  train. so,     my, you know, communicating  is  totally changed from  taking a train to bicycle. and especially rainy season is a,  you know, the very humility is high and everyone is  bringing their umbrella.  and  what is worse,      i feel uncomfortable. so that is why i hate commuting by train. so  nowadays or  now, i go to a school by bicycle. after this s s t, i have to go to school and to check a   stuff. so next week,  on wednesday, i have to have a presentation for master thesis.  but,  i   right now, i never  do  about my presentation. so i have to check a  materials or i have to study or i have to check a references or. so   yeah, after this s s t, i have to go to school and go to library, and i have to study.yeah..  i hope so. very much.