my name is .thank you for coming..a little bit nervous. right now, i'm teaching at . and  i'm majoring in linguistics..about the campus. . at our university, we have two campuses, one in , and one in . and since i belong to the technology department,  i'm on the  campus  which is very unlike the  campus.   at  campus, we have lots of trees because there is the agriculture  of department there.  however,  the technology    campus is just buildings. i like  better. it's more relaxing. and  you get to enjoy nature  in   which is  rare thing now a days.i live in  .yes..first of all, it's close to the university.  and  there's a lots of nature there, too.. yes.  we have lots of farmers still  who are growing vegetables. and so we get fresh vegetables every day. . so you get to feel the season  through  the vegetables.. fortunately, not too much change. . but  yes, we have lots of houses and apartments and  lots of buildings have been built in the past several years. but fortunately, we still have lots of nature there. .hobbies. i used to  play the piano.  . but now a days i'm too busy to really  enjoy any hobbies. . but i like cooking also. .recently,   there's lots of things going on at the university. we have lots of changes and lots of curriculum,  improvements that have to be made. and also  the ministry of education is pressuring us to go into the new systems. and so there's lots of committee meetings. . so everyday  it's like you have meetings, and in between meetings, you're teaching. o k.describe it. o k. . this is a ski resort. and there are many people enjoying skiing. . there are some that are really  professionals, and just skiing  right down through. however there are some that are tumbling and falling down. . on the other hand, there aren't just skiers there. there are a lots of children there. and  they have snow ball fights. . and   i guess it is, in the club house, you see some people, instead of just skiing, they are inside and relaxing and having a cup of coffee. and    i guess that's it. no.. when i was little,   my parents took me to skiing. but unfortunately, i don't like the concept of going up when you know  that you have to come down.  so rather than skiing, i prefer skating because skating, you don't have to go up, and you're just going round and round on this flat surface. but of course i know  is for some people,  it sounds strange because people who enjoy skiing  tell me that you can enjoy lots of things when you go up because you see a different view  up there. you see lots of beautiful mountains, and the scenery is completely different from when you're on the ground. .  however now, i can never  understand the concept of going up when you know that you have to come down.  o k.  i think there are two things that you have to  think about. first of all, in the long term,  it's not good to  cut down trees  because of the nature and environment. you have to protect the environment. and the trees  help us in many ways because they provide the oxygen for the human beings. and it's not just a scenery.  . it's not just the trees are there   to provide beautiful scenery.   actually they're really contributing to our  life as human beings. . so in the long run, i think you have to  control the number of the trees that you can cut down. however,  especially now a days, when you think of the depression  that we're facing in this country,  you need to provide ways so that people can use money. and in that sense, if there're lots of people who enjoy skiing, and  they would prefer probably to go to new areas and new   places. so in that case,  if you look at it from the economical point,  i think it's important  to develop at least in some aspects  these new areas. so that people will have  opportunities to use money. because if you don't use money, then   we can never get out of this depression. o k..yes. good morning.  i have a problem here. . this is my ticket, and i was supposed to get on that train that just left.  i was wondering if it would be possible for you to  give me back my money, or give me a new ticket so that i can get on the next train?i know it is. and i know  it's really not  what i'm supposed to be asking you. but i have to attend this very important meeting. and i have to get on the next train. if i can't,  i'll have to find  other  ways of getting there. and probably the best way to get there is by taxi. unfortunately, i don't have enough money with me right now. so i was wondering if you could just give me back the money, . . that's true. but the problem is if i do that, i can't get back.yeah, i know. i'm really sorry. . it's really my fault really. . it's really my fault, and  i have nothing to say about that. i mean it's really my fault. . but  could you just bend the rules a little bit this time once? . because it's really important that i get on the next train that  just  right there in the platform.. and if i miss that train,    i'm really in big trouble.o k. thank you. yes. thank you. i really appreciate it. o k.no.. time is very important for me. . that's one of the basic policies i think for me. that's  very important for me. so that's what i teach my students, too,  to be punctual.  something that i regard it's very important in your life.yes.first of all, in , you have lots of these announcements on the train. they tell you all the time "please don't forget your belongings",  "please  make sure that you don't forget your umbrellas" and so on.   in foreign countries, you don't have all these announcements. and   sometimes it's very difficult when you're travelling in a country where you don't know the language. because you don't know even the name of the station. . so you have to  keep counting the number of the stations that you're passing by. . otherwise there's no announcements there. but once you get used to it,  you start thinking about  what is service. maybe  for the japanese, we feel that getting lots of these  announcements is something that is needed to provide good service. . however, i think that  maybe that isn't  really the case. .o k..o k. . one day last week,  young man was driving his car. . and  he was rather in a rush  because he had to get there on time. and then  another man,  he was riding on a motorcycle,  and he was talking with his girl friend on the cell phone. . and he was enjoying the conversation so much that he didn't  notice the car  that was turning left. and  unfortunately,    the man on the motorcycle bumped in to the car. and he dropped his cell phone. . both of the men stopped. and the man on the motorcycle complained to the man in the car that   his cell phone was broken, and also that  the motorcycle was damaged,  and that he should  do something about it. and he was complaining   to the young man that was driving the car. so they decided that  they should call the police. . once the police officer  came to the site,  the man driving the car explained to the police man that    no, i'm sorry,   he was not  responsible for the accident, and that rather it was the man on the motorcycle who should  take the blame because it was his fault that he was  driving and  talking on the phone which was of course against the law. and so  he explained to the police man that he was not responsible, and that  the man on the motorcycle should not be allowed to  ride the motorcycle, and be penalized. . the police man understood  the situation. and so  he made arrangements so that   the man driving the motorcycle  would not be able to drive it for a while because it was against the law. and so they had to take away the motorcycle to make sure that he wouldn't be able to drive again..no.today, i took the day off.today,  fortunately, i don't have any classes... in the second semester, i have three classes.. exactly, yes.thank you.