my name is .yes.. by train. , near .excuse me?.area?i think  the area is very convenient to travel to any place because it's near . and it's very peaceful and quiet place. . but i'm afraid because there was incident murder in  ward.yes.i'm afraid because the criminal hasn't been arrested yet. .. not really. just  lock the door and  not going out very late at night. . that's it.no. i live with my boyfriend, but my boyfriend comes home very late at night. . so i have to be careful.my boyfriend. i have been going out with my boyfriend since we were high school students, nine years or so. .  but i started living with him   four months ago. i used to live alone,   but someone  picked inside my house at   the front post adjust to the door, i was so frightened that i decided to move out.?i haven't seen any bad points so far. .good points? i don't have to feel lonely and i don't have to pay rent. . those are main good points.now? . i'm afraid i'm out of work now, but i've been looking for one.i think i'm going to get a job of telephone communicator. .because  i have a experience of doing it and it's very stressful but i have to use my brain constantly  which makes it difficult but exciting, too. . it's not boring at all.hobby? my hobby is  playing tennis and flamenco dance... i watched the   spanish dance performance in my hometown. and i was  at that time, and i decided i'd like to do flamenco, too. . and i started taking lessons, but lessons are very expensive.yes.thank you.this is classroom. and the teacher is teaching mathematic,    but    every student doesn't listen to her. . and every student does what they want to do.  . it seems class doesn't work at all. .  only one student seems to be listening to her. but other     students  have no intention to study.  the teacher doesn't care about those students. she might be used to this kind of condition.  that's all.no.a teacher must have  gotten very  angry if we behave like this.  .  when i was high school student, teacher used to hit the students. that's not unusual at that time. .students? students took it for granted, and  parents didn't seem to mind teacher hitting students. .of course, no students got hurt. . .o k.. hello. my name is .yes. i'm invited to a party.but i'm afraid i can't come.. because my father collapsed, and i have to go to the hospital. . i don't know. i got a phone call from the hospital. and i have to rush to the hospital now..  my mother  works for another hospital, and today is her night shift. and i have to take care of my father.yes..   i'm very sorry.     could you explain the situation where i am.  i'm sorry i can't come. ..o k. i'll show my face, but for thirty minutes or so. i can't stay very long. .yes, please.yes. i will. thank you very much.thank you.bye-bye..  yes, with just close friends, or family.  most recent party. we had new year's party two years ago with my friends in my apartment.  i felt very comfortable because all my friends  are very good cook. and i didn't have to prepare food. . they prepared food for me. .  . it was fun.nothing particular, but  we were just chatting,    watching song competition on n h k. . and  we were supposed to get up early in the morning,  and i went out to watch   new year's sunrise. but only i could get up   because everybody else was quite drunk. and  i went to beach, and saw sunrise alone.it was beautiful. fortunately   the sky was clear, not cloudy. .thank you.the person riding motorcycle is making a phone call,     and  another car  was almost crushed into the motorcycle. and the person on the motorcycle was very surprised. he dropped his  cellular phone.   and a person on the car got off his car. and the person on the  motorcycle also stopped his motorcycle, and started talking. and person on the motorcycle    is complaining  saying that    it's the person on the car's fault,   that    a part of his motorcycle and cellular phone got broken.  .  and the person on the car isn't  convinced, then called the police. and they are explaining the situation to the police.  .  then finally,   motorcycle was taken to some place to be fixed.having a car in  tokyo?   i don't want to have a car in tokyo because it seems useless. because  other transportation is very convenient, and i don't think  i can find a parking lot very easily. and it costs money to buy a car, and   keep a car  such as  insurance  and    check-up cost. .  as far as i'm concerned,  i don't need a car in tokyo.thank you.after this interview, i'm going home and  study english.yes.thank you.thank you very much.