my name is ..nice to meet you..  in the morning, i went to .and i was , and   after that     i'm coming  here..  we did debate about   sex   of advertise.   .  is  in .  near by  river.no.  i live  by myself.my family lives in . city in  .. my family is my father and mother and my sister and me. my father and mother lives together in . and my sister lives in , .not so much.she is working at   publishing company. like  on  saturday or sunday?sometimes    i go to shopping with my friend.sometimes i  go to  library to study english.  sometime i stay at home,       doing cooking, or watching t v, or listening to music..  different places. i like  omote-sando  or ginza. there,   fancy shop  of clothes, and  there are good restaurant, cafe or other shops     for shopping.yes.i can see   three people in middle. one is maybe he is sommelier and  other two people are,  i imagine they're   couples. and  the man is   talking,  having  wine glass in his hand. and woman is listening.   i think he's  talking about wine which sommelier  has    asking  about wine, and woman is just listening. .  and   other people,  they're eating. and another table,  he's serving,  and . and she is playing piano. . and    it's seven o'clock.yes.  i had wine  maybe last time was  at park hyatt hotel. and i drank maybe red wine, and it was  soft and   easy .  i liked it.  a little bit.   i can talk anything?.   yes.hello.    would you like to   go to movie together on sunday?    i want to see     "piano lesson".so  how do you think about it?good?  so  let's go. and   how about  the    time  to meet?   i suggest  one o'clock is best time to go to the movie..      so how do you think it,   i will   go to your house by car and i'll pick you up.so i will go to your house at twelve o'clock  and movie will begin at one o'clock. so   it is good?o k.see you.yeah, .. last time i watched,       jim carrey,   .  it was comedy and very funny. but    i thought not just comedy,    it has lot thing  i  want to think about  that..    ? the movie?  it was  almost funny, but  it was just serious, i think. because   jim carrey was  main person and    in him,  there are two person in him and  he's troubled. and,   he want to seek   himself, truth.   i thought it  is  related with  identification.so it was  interesting for me.yes.yes.o k. one day last week,   they are  couple and they are walking together in rainy day. and     there's a box and,   some sound  is coming from box. so the man notice that, and  he said,  "can you hear something?". and woman  found a box and   opened it.     and she found the cat.   she said, "maybe  she  is lost.  someone  throw her.". and she says, "i want this cat. i want to take this cat to our home.".  but the man  is thinking how should we do.     he said, "  we can't  take her back  to home because  we're poor.".  but she said, "but    i don't want to leave her here because she's very   poor.".     so he     admitted her  . so at last,   they went their home with cat together..yes.in ,     my family have a dog.    he is  white terrier and his name is jimmy.   i can't remember how old is he, but   maybe seven years old or  so. .?no. now i live in  and  he lives with my family  in .  i like it because  it's my dog, my family  have more conversation  and smooth  relationship. and     i think,  we are getting closer.   not just for  our dog, but  we are happy  with him..  i'm coming here with my friend. and     not we  talked about what we will do after this test. i want to go,   kichijoji or shimokitazawa  for  pleasure, after this test.yeah, yes.thank you very much.