nice to meet you.my name is .i'm from , . i born in .yes. overseas?  ? .no,  i live in . .yes, i've been  to the united states once. for two weeks.yes. i like it very much. minnesota. i live in , and   in minnesota is the sister city of my .. with about twenty students.yes. my hobby is   do exercising and listening to music. i like sports very much.  i like rhythmic gymnastics, and  now i'm doing tae kwon do.?in the club activity of my university.  in my club, now there are twenty members,     and there are   few womens  doing  tae kwon do. so   it is easier     to get the first prize  in the game match.  here the      restaurant in the hotel.  there are three tables, and  the time is seven o'clock p m.  behind the picture, there are woman playing the piano. and  in front, there are couple  who are  choosing the wine.    the man is wearing a yellow suit and  the woman is wearing pink dress.  and other tables,  there are  two couples each, and both couples are eating dinner.  i think it's seems to be expensive   to have dinner here. so   i don't like it.  i think here is the   restaurant in the hotel, and hotel restaurant is  often expensive. . o k.hi, this is .  i'm fine, thank you. how are you?   i'm planning to go to the cinema.  and how about going there with me? tomorrow. is it o k?so we have to decide the place we meet.    how about meeting in the  umeda station?    in front of the ?and    from there,    we can go to the cinema  on foot.  o k? so   how about  one o'clock p m? o k. so see you tomorrow.thank you. . yes. but  i don't often go to the movie. i often see the video   at home. i  like   whoopi goldberg.   she makes me laugh  always.  in movie theater,    i was moved my heart more,    but watching the video in home  cost me more less. describe also?one day last week,  the woman find that there are no food in the refrigerator. so  she went to the supermarket by car, and   bought some food to eat.      she got some food there,   and brought them to the home, and  she started to cooking.   she made  sunny-side up  and some other dishes. no. . i'm not good at cooking.  whenever  i try to cook,      the meal  isn't delicious. i think so, and other member of my family   said so, too.yes.  my home is so far from the nearest station. so if i can't drive the car,   i have to take a bus  to go to the station. yes.   from next sunday,  i will visit spainfor one month. yeah.  i study spanish in the university. yes, a little.  i go to spain  for my own. yeah. thank you.