my name is .nice to meet you. i'm tired.because  i have a test this thursday.so i have to study.yes.i'm a freshman.yes. there is different   between  high school and college.for example, when  i was a high school student i used to get up at same time every morning.but now, i get up  different time every day.and i have to think of what to do by myself.no,  i live with my family.my family is my mother and father and older sister.but now, i live with only my mother and sister because my father live in  to work..my mother is housewife.so   she make breakfast and lunch and dinner for us everyday.and my older sister is three years older .she is college student, too.  we talk about  college life, and news, and fashion. everything about our life. i play piano.   i have learned piano from  little child. i like playing piano.and  i read newspaper and watch t vand clean my room.    i like shopping . there is two department store near my house.so   i go to department store two or three a week..o k.there is a girl wearing green sweater and blue skirt. she sits in front of desk. there is a computer on the desk.  there is two animals in the room. one is dog and the other is cat. the cat is sleeping on the bed.  there is calendar on the wall. and  by the wall, there is   machine  to play music. and there is shelf near the door. in the shelf, there is phone and several books.yes.  there is computer in this picture. but my room, there is not computer. and my house doesn't have pet, so  in my room, there is never pets. i clean my room to pick up things on the floor.and    i bring my clothes and bags to closet at once.yes.       i want to go to vacance.so i want to go what countryto swimand so on? ? pardon?. please tell me the variety of plan.?.  i'm interested in east asia.yes, please tell me the detail.    i'm interested in vietnam.yes..  how much is the cost?  in vietnamwhat can we do?. can we swim?. .  . i want to spend one week for vacanse.so    i want to go more further place.so not east asia ..for example?.maldives.  how much is the cost? .   in maldiveswhat language  do they speak?french?.so   do we confuse in maldives by ourselve alone?. in maldives,  is it dangerous for japanese?.. yes, please.yes, very much. i went to thailand this spring with my friend of high school as a graduate trip.   we went to bangkok and ayutaya.and in thai,  march is hot season.so it was very hot and humid. so    all of us wear were jeans.but   very long.. and  i ride on elephant.it was very dangerous but very fun.one day last week, she went to shopping and she went to department store. she want to buy something for her husband to his birthday. so  she decided to buy necktie. and she asked the clerk to wrap the present. after buying present,   she walked in department store and found final sale of lady's shoes and  lady's clothes.  shoes was   thirty percent off and clothes  were fifty percent off. so she bought  many shoes and clothes at departmrnt store. and   she brought many bags to her house. i want to give my friend what  she can't  by herself.so    i choice  things i like but    she isn't interested in. but   maybe   she will become interested in things. i will go back to library . yes.yes. ..  ..thank you very much.