my name is .yes, .. today is  very fine. .yesterday,  i play soccer. so,   we play soccer very hard. so,  my body is very pain. but  it's very good condition because     use body is very good for healthy.  usually i play tennis.  so,  everyday i can play tennis. so, i play tennis.now, i live in . it's  .yes.  i live alone. i can use time freely. . but,  if i go to home, nobody here, so  i can't eat without you cooking. i think   lived with family is very good.. it's very easy to live. if  i don't do  anything but it is o k.  no study    cleaning, washing, and cooking and so on. i like reading. .   i like making  my homepage.so,   i have interested in making  web page, so i  always update my homepage. .. write only    my heart diary.  my diary that is a  describe  my  heart movement. . so,  i don't tell  it for my   university friends. university friend    doesn't know  that i make homepage.because if they see my homepage,  they know real me.   if you have the interest, it is very easy. . it not difficult for  making,  but    if  i try to new technique,    i must study h t m l tag..   she is now using p c,  but now  she take a rest. . cats and dogs  are  sleeping, and she looks these animals, and  she laughed.  . now, this is maybe  in june. . this room is very clean. maybe  she likes clean room,  but now yes maybe  at  nine o'clock forty-five minutes. . she has a printer but it is very old type printer. .   no. it's not printer,  typewriter.    she like old thing..  my room is half of this size. .  i have p c, of course, and a printer and i have telephone, but  i have no   stereo.   .   and i have no beds. i have only futon, and  everyday i make a  futon. and every morning, i  close the futon.yes.  i have..  .  i'm go back every   long summer vacation to  my hometown.   i'm born to himeji. and my family lived in himeji, so in long vacation, i go back and  at that time,   i want to get back to the p c. so,  if   it is notebook  , i can get back to ... i want to go to new york  as soon as  fast, so, please tell me  which ticket  train is the best?. that's good. .   which platform is that train go?ten. o k. thank you. . how much is the tickets? o k. i buy it.. .  if  it's the  fastest train, i buy it.. when is the next train to go to new york?. it is the best way to go to new york as soon as fast?o k. i like it.o k.thank you very much.thank you.yes.   i have been to new york,  hawaii,    europe. and  in this years,  in march,    i went to europe.   i go to england, france, italy, , , .    i  italy. . best of the place is venetia. it's very beautiful city..     i'm now play tennis, but i like soccer,  so i watch the  game..  italian people is very    passionable. so, i like these  people..  the people they watch the game is very excited. . everyone  not only  young boy young girls, but   people and  very little children. . one of the people  came to with family. so, everyone loves soccer, so it's very good .  i describe it. one    a woman go to depart and  she want to buy the birthday present for   his husbands   she choose the  tie.  its color is green. and  she   she buy it and clerk    pack it  beautiful, and she goes back. but    she find the final sale  commerce, and   she is a woman, so maybe she like shopping. and    she like the sales  items very much, so she came to that for buying  her husband's birthday present, but   she  finds the   discount  so  she buy other things very much.. if the birthday  like man's birthday,  i buy the   sports' items.if  woman's birthday,  i always buy the  small . it's very beautiful melody. i like .. yes.. this afternoon, i  go back home and  i want to sleep.. ..