good morning.o k. my name is .i'm from . that's near . by trainand by bus.about  one and half hour.now, i'm working  office worker of  school for interpreters. to   people who'd like to be interpreter or translator.and sometimes,  i work as a interpreter also.everyday, i make materials for school, or sometimes i  develop curriculums.yes,  because  now i am also student at that school. it is challegeable work, but  i think it is very interesting. yes, i like.my hobby is  it's very ordinal hobby,  reading.but recently, i started snowboard.  it's my favorite.yes,  but   about second time,    i went to snowboarding.for the first time, in hokkaido.. because  i could buy a discount ticket for hokkaido. it was very cheap. . about  ten thousand yen.  to hokkaido. not both ways.one-way.one way. . and second time, i went to  shiga prefecture, but there was  little snow shiga.yeah. i was disappointed.yes, i also ski. i like skiing. but recently, many people started snowboarding. so i also joined in. yes, with my boyfriend..o k.  so   i think  this is mountainous area. there are lot of snow.  and i can see many people enjoying skiing.  i think  this couple  started ski in this winter  because they seem to be not good at skiing now.  so  i see the snowboarder. . . the children enjoying throwing snowballs each other.   i think  this snow  park is little bit crowded. so i think   it might be japan.    this couple  enjoying over a cup of coffee after ski.  i found strange point because there is no people on the lift.    now,  it is fine today.  someone made  snowman.  o k, . my ski ability is i think the  advanced one.. because  i can ski anywhere. but my snowboard skill is very low.     i think  skiing,  the good point is to overcome the difficulty because sometime people tend to think  this is difficult for me, or this is difficult mountain to ski. but after we overcame the mountain, the feeling of achievement is very high. so  i like skiing.o k..o k.o k.hello, this is .  ,  today's dinner party, i'm afraid of going to join   tonight's party. i'm sorry because my mother became ill suddenly.. yeah. i really wanted to go, but  it's  family situation so i think i  cannot go.now,   i'm going to take her to the hospital. and   after that, i think i have to take care of my mother.  i can drive.yes, i can.  because today my father  isn't at home. so instead of him, i take care of her. but  i really wanted to go so next time,  please invite me again. i'd like to   go next time.o k. please give my best regards to them. and   please tell them that  i wanted to enjoy with you. but  someday,    i'd like to hold dinner party at my home. please come together..good-bye.thank you very much.  i don't like because   i like the going out with friend because   i don't like  because   rather than home party,  i'd like to go to restaurant.. for example, my  friend's birthday party or  after  examination,  we go..o k. .i see.o k.   can i go over the whole picture? o k. shall we start? one day last week, a woman went to the department for her shopping because tomorrow is her  husband's birthday. so she wanted to  give  her husband something. and she  found  nice tie for him, and she bought it.  after she bought it,  she went to another floor, and she found  nice shoes  discounted about thirty percent. and   she wanted to look it, and tried. and she pleased it.  i think maybe she bought it. after that, she also went to the  women's clothe floor.  and also there,    they are   discounting. so   she looked around many clothes and floor. and she found her favorite one. and as a result,  when she  went out from the department store, she bought a lot of  stuffs for her own self. and so her husband's tie was very small thing, but she was very satisfied with her shopping.yes. most impressive. impressive.  but  we have been dating about ten years. . present. . but i think he is very strict person for himself and for  others. so  compared to my boyfriend,   i'm not strict for myself. .so i think  by him, i feel like growing by myself. so that is the impressive  part of him.yes.?  presents.    sometimes he give me surprise present. for example, recently, it was a snowboard.because  i have wanted to buy snowboard, but i have no money. ... .no, today, i   go to school for flower arrangement.yes.so after work, i have to go home quick. yes.  so tomorrow,  we'll go to   snowboard.shiga prefecture.thank you.. thank you very much.