 hello. my name is .nice to meet you.  now?  now i'm from to our  school.yeah.     i worked and then i go to the     lesson,  this place.yes, i like  my job because   now  i start  i teach at  a private girls' school.and  there're from       twelve to eighteens and  they are very   pretty    and i get a  power .yeah.i teach mathematics.and now  i have   three grade at a high school and   first they said  they need a mathematics for enter the examination.but now     they said  not to  take a mathematics test.  and  i'm very sad..    some student said   they didn't need mathematics for their lifeand they didn't  not to teach mathematics. it's a very sad. i think  girls and boys both student need a mathematics and    they have  ability of mathematics.  but they must study,  then they didn't understand  how to necessary the mathematics. i live in .yes. i have a husband and  one daughter.yeah. i have two daughters.and one daughter  is living  near the    because she works  before two years ago.and    she lives alone.and now  elder daughter  is live   with us.yeah. i hope so. yeah..  .  this is a very big house.perhaps   it is    at a   local area.  perhaps he is a     this family's husband. he is jogging     all early morning. and   this family's mother have a dog and they have a chat   every  afternoon. and   this family has a one daughter and  one son. and      perhaps       they take care of a one cat and  mother and his friend is talking very long time. so the cat is sleeping   on the car.  and    boy play the volleyball. and  one boy is  this house's boy and another is the boy's school's friend. and each boy have a one dogs and  these dogs  is very friendly..similar to?look like this?   my house is apartment. i want to a that a  house and  i want to a  garden. for long time,  i live apartment. apartment..  i and my parent  every day go to  office or school, and   my daughter is go to school. but  at apartment, we have a only key and  we lock   my house's door we can go to   everywhere. but     in    that build on the ground,  we must locked  every place, for example door and   one floor's windows and second floor's windows  every windows and door  need  a  key   and lock  house. yeah.yes.o k.hello.   .  i'm sorry.  hi,   do you have free time this weekend?yes?    i want to a movie. and     could you go  with us?that movie is a  's story. do you like ?  and     i know this movie is starting at    ten a m  in  shinjuku. can you  go to the shinjuku station at   nine a m?nine.?.  . then   i will wait   shinjuku station's at   south entrance.and    when you went the shinjuku station, please call me my mobile phone.o k? o k. see you    this weekend..bye.yes.  i love to movies.  when i went to a  theater, i watch the "  louis dance". do you know?"louis" that is a  made in france.. . . it is very beautiful  music story and louis is always  dancing. and   we had very beautiful music.. yeah...   perhaps,  she is me.   weekend, my  refridgerator is empty.  this is  happened every weekend. and   i drive the my car to near the supermarket. and      last weekend, i bought  at supermarket   every food     that was a   flower or  some vegetables and some meat and   everything  i  needed and     i bought   bread and meat and      canned food or juice or drinks or milks. everything i bought. and  i paid the register.  and     i paid about  ten thousand yen. and i bring the my cars but   i opened my car's back and    i brang    every  foods or something. and i drived my home. and  last weekend,  i could cooked for my family. and i cooked  sunny-side eggs and i cooked stew and  my family was   very surprised because  last weekend, i had very gorgeous dinner. and i have a very  good time last weekend.yeah.today?     up of   this floor,   perhaps there are my two friend and   i want to speak   this  test.and perhaps i want to drink     last the test. ... thank you very much..