good afternoon.yes, my name is .i'm from ,  but i was born in nagasaki and raised in kyoto..  i was there for six years, so i don't remember very much. but i was living on a hill, and there were a lot of orange trees.  i used to climb up the orange trees and catching insect. .. i used to play with,  , spiders.  i was a very naughty girl.very wild, yes.nagasaki city.i live in  with my husband.. yeah. . he is working for english school, and he is a area director now,  looking after, i don't know how many exactly, but five or six schools in southern  area.but he works late like twelve to ten thirty, so he comes late. but i like that working hours. because i don't have to  wake up very early in the morning.nine thirty. my hobby is  any kinds of sports.basketball.i used to play basketball for ten years.it's my favorite one.not now because i'm pregnant..thank you..yes, i did.. in high school,  our coach was very, very strict, and it was his first time to teach female students, so our practice was like   the big tire. .carrying somebody else on your back and climb up stairs and running ten kilometers everyday something like that. and, maybe,  it's like kind of punish now. but our team was very strong. the best four in kyoto high schools.    we still see the teacher now. sowe like him.i didn't.. it's classroom. it looks like high school. and this is a math class. a female teacher  with the classes are showing kind of graph. but  there are six students, but only two are listening to her.  one boy is chewing gum, and two girls are chatting, and one boy is listen to the music and drinking something. . there is only one boy listening to the class. and  another girl is  sending a mail by cellar phone.i don't like it. because  nobody seems to be interested to her class. it must be hard to keep their attention.. i think the most important thing  is to make them feel mathematics is interesting.but i personally didn't like math, so it's really hard.. i was very bad.. because i was playing basketball. i had practiced in the morning, in the afternoon and after school. i was only sleeping in the class. .. i was sleeping the first and second class, and between the second and third one, i had a lunch. and,   after the fourth class, i went to practice basketball. and then, i slept the fifth and sixth class and went to eat something and went to the club again. so i was a horrible student.. yes, i did. o k... it's o k.so this is telephone conversation..hello, this is  speaking.. hi. . i need your help right now.  i came home now, and  one of the window is broken.maybe,  somebody  came into my house. but i need to fix it as soon as possible. broke into my house,  or, maybe, somebody throw a stone to my house. but i don't know what happened. but, anyway  the window's broken. so, would you please fix it?. but, can you call somebody to come to my house? ? carpenter.i don't know either. .  i will call the police and explain what happened, but  you are my landlord. you should know somebody..  .  you never had this problem?but, you know,  when  new people come into your apartment, maybe, you fix everything.and you should know the person. who do you know  call?but   i don't wanna be burglared. .and i don't want anything  to be stolen. so,  can you come today? staying home  ., that's fine.o k. thanks.thank you. .no. it's an apartment. it's a rental apartment.i wanna buy a house because i wanna have a dog... this is my ideal, but,  maybe, it's between ten to fifteen minutes from the nearest station, and   not close to the city center, but not too rural area.so i want everything around my house like a supermarket and post office, bank and other things, too..  not in .but somewhere between  and kyoto, like  or   city.o k.. o k.one day last week,  a guy was driving his car. and, from the other side, there was a boy riding a scooter with his cellular phone. he was talking with his girlfriend. and, suddenly, he crushed into the car and he dropped the cellular phone. the boy was really angry because his cellular phone was broken, and also, his scooter was broken, too. and they called the police. .  the gay was explaining that the boy was riding the scooter with talking with his cellular phone, and it is illegal. . finally, because his scooter was broken. . a guy from a scooter shop came to pick up his scooter, and the boy  see off.i do.because my friend recommended it.. two of my best friends first bought cellular phones. and they really wanted to use it with me.and they said that was free. so you should have one. so i bought one..there was kind of campaign.. when you meet your friend, and  if you haven't decided where to meet and what time to meet,  it's very convenient. because when you get closer,   you can tell them where you are and when you can be there.i do.it was easy. . step by step, we had a test, but i've never had any problems to pass it. .i though  that was easy.. a month.and a rider, too. thank you very much... this is my dayoff, so  there is a  big sale for maternity wear . i have to go.. spring sweater and spring pants for big belly... i have a class for sign language.on sunday, i haven't decided yet.thank you..