 my name is . rare name. .yes.. i am doing quite well, but  because recently, i am quite busy with   work and also i am going to get married  from two weeks. .. in two weeks, so i am a bit sleepy.  . actually, when i go home,  my husband is  already asleep so  we don't have that much conversation after all right now. so  i can't say that   my marriage life is  wonderful ,  i have to try . because of my work.. though it's a bit tough physically. and   i'm working in the  hair care marketing division. and i like to deal with those hear care products, so  regarding that point, i enjoy my work. but physically,my body is  saying that is too tough. ..o k. so  my parents are from .   so they have   kind of traditional japanese idea that  woman should be quiet and polite. and therefore, my name has  a character of quiet and polite together. and so my surname  i don't know  about my origin,but  at least my parents are from   and there are some  relatives,in  with my  surname, .so  i don't know. maybe  origin is from korea or china. .yes,   because my  name is quite rare,people would remember    if they couldn't remember all, at least they remember like  somebody whose name is quite rare,so i like my name. quiet and polite? i try to be polite,but for quietness,  if i keep quiet in this company,i can't do my job.  i don't think i am quiet, honestly.all right. . this seems to be in  the situation in schools, probably high school.. but it seems quite  unorganized because the teacher is doing  her lesson  on her own and actually   only one person up front,this boy is listening to her.and  other than that,  everybody is doing their own job,  these girls are talking, and this boy is listening to music with  drink in hand.so  it doesn't look quite a good lesson,and i suppose that  the lesson is not that much interesting for these students.yes. and i think that's mathematics.  . .    shall i continue ?. . .  in terms of the clothes  the students wear,  we had uniform,so it looks like more organized because everybody's wearing the same thing   more,  how can i say, yes, organized than this picture.but  , there were some people  talking during the lesson. so  that's the same thing. but at least we didn't have anyone  who were chewing gum ,   but i think at anytime  students will enjoy   their young life, so   in that sense, the  total atmosphere, it's similar to  my  experience in high school.wearing uniform. .  . i know that  somebody say that  they don't like  uniform, but personally, i like uniform because i don't have to think for  in the morning what to wear so it's quite practical.so and i keep my uniform now.thank you.yes.... .  so i've already  taken this trip, right?  o k.  o k.  so it's on the phone, right? o k.  hello? my name is .. i joined your   pack trip  last week to germany, and i know that  we are going to go around   with a comfortable bus but in fact the bus was really small and   was packed together in a very, very small  bus, and i wouldn't say that it was a comfortable trip. . . . and in addition to that, i know that  the last night of the trip, we will have a german traditional meal, but actually it was just a hamburger with  some french fries.and i don't think that was a  traditional german meal, so  i suppose  there is a exaggeration in your brochure of the  this pack tour.. could you explain how this happened?less people than  ?so  i know that the bus was going to be large enough   to make us all comfortable. so in fact, we had to use the spare seats,so  someone  fall down in the bus because     difficult, without the seat's belt, so i don't think it was a comfortable trip . thank you.yeah, but according to the brochure of    the pack trip,  it sounded like  more special  with  traditional german beer.but  we actually  had  hamburger which we could have in macdonald's in japan. so we were completely  unhappy  with  that meal.yeah, but   it didn't say anything  about the relation between the cost  and  the meals and  the last night, so  we were not convinced with    the reason of the cost.. so at least, we would like to  explain   with  documents    how   could this has happenedand   maybe you could also offer us some   couponfor the next trip. yes.. .no,  i am going to have a wedding in two weeks.  we have been together already. but my wedding is in two weeks.so after that, i am going to the honeymoon.. i hope that wouldn't .. o k. . last week   on weekend,   my friend and i decided to go to campand  we prepared all the things going camping and to have meals outside,    because we used to have campings very often  when we were students.  . recently, we were quite busy with our work, so  we were quite looking forward to having a nice  a blue sky and  delicious meal outside. so   we went with a car to nagano prefecture. and  at first, everything was going  all right.  the blue sky, the fresh air,  we were quite happy with that. but  right after we finished   building the tent, the weather  changed.     the shower started and so  i was quite worried that  we wouldn't  be able to continue camping. and i told my friend  to find some hotels. then, my friend  who knew well about nagano prefecture  told me that  she knew a nice hotel, so we decided to go to that hotel. but when we tried to  pack up all the pans and the  things for the  outdoor  cooking,  the wind  became very strong and we have   some troubles  packing everything into the car. and finally  after two hours  fighting with the wind,  we arrived at the hotel.  the hotel was quite nice and we could have a relaxing time, but  we were quite  sorry that we couldn't have   fresh air outside.yes. i like sports.  i like skiing,and i like diving, scuba diving.and  every year, actually   my  friend lives in  nagano,so every year in summer, i visit him and   we do camping outside just like this picture. i think  under the blue sky with fresh air,we can forget everything, all troubles in reality. and  it's like a refreshmentthat you can never  have a  life. ?.this weekend, we are going to visit  how can i say in english,   wedding sights. it's not church, but   like .to   decide everything ...