. my name is .yes.nice to meet you, too.. i live in  near .yes.no.    i grew up  in toyama prefecture. it's a northern part of japan.. i moved to  when i was  thirty-five or   thirty-seven years old.. it's a very  convenient. because   it is  center of .  and  convenient to commute to my company..     i'm working for  .. recently, i am very busy. yeah. but, now,     my job is not directly connected with stock market. . now, i'm in charge of  company in-house training.yeah. .    i'm working in the human resource department. so  i  have to  deal with the  in-house training for the new workers or   senior workers.. i like watching movies.yeah.  but   i don't have enough time to go to the theater. so i usually watch  video tape or  d v d.. .     of the  movie. .  i saw the "autumn in new york".. it's a featuring    richard gear. it's a story of the young  woman and a middle-age   man.it's a kind of love story..yeah. . that  picture seems to  be  a  residential area. . there is a house,  and there is  some  women and  some children. and  a man is running   along the road. and also,   there are  several animals,   and also,  a man  sitting in the bench  is reading the newspaper. and it's a very   calm and a very comfortable residential area. . there is no  traffic. . only one car is parked  along the road. and  the weather is  fine, and  the sun is shining. and  it's   seems  making smile. and also,  the boys are  playing with the ball, and there are several trees. and the  lawn is green... . in my case, i'm now interested in japanese politics, especially in the  movement of the prime  minister mori. . he said   he  didn't say   he would resign. but    the man  around the mori said he said  he would resign. so it's a very  complicated and a little bit  kind of  very funny situation..   i don't complain about mister mori. but  i complain about the system of japanese politics. and, especially,  the system of the  l d p, japanese liberal democratic party.i think  there is a very strict seniority system. so the number of the  winning of the election is  very important in the l d p system.  so young politician   can't get a high position..yeah.. i just read this?o k.o k.yeah.hello? . this is .  . are you   miss suzuki?. really? .   sorry,  i couldn't  go to your party last night. . so  it's a very  good dinner party, but  i couldn't  go  there. . because my wife   got sick, and she  got a high temperature. so  i have to  stay in   my house, and   i had to take care of her. so   i didn't go to your party.. sorry.  . i'd like to   go to your party, but  it's a very   urgent situation. and   she   suddenly   got high temperature, and she  was fainted. so,  first, i had to take her to the hospital. so  i didn't have time to call you.yeah. .   she is getting better and better. so  i'd like to go to your party. so,   if you organize the party, so  i'd like to  go to your party next time.yeah.. thank you..o k.o k. see you.yeah.. i had a   experience. yeah. .   i have a reservation, or i have  an appointment. . but i couldn't go  there suddenly. . yeah.yeah. usually,  i'd like to    get in touch with someone in  the appointment. . but,  if i had the time to call or so,       i have to apologize.yeah..yeah..o k. shall i start?one day last week,     i was driving my car  in a high speed. .   and also, there is a  bike.  . a man who is driving the bike  making a   phone call by his mobile phone. and,   maybe, he is calling to  his girlfriend. and, after that,   suddenly,    he dropped his mobile phone, and  the phone hitted my car. and  the phone  was broken by hitting. so, after that,  i  and he  talk about it, and he  got angry with  breaking a mobile phone. .  . so,  he was angry at the  breaking his  bike. yes. but i think that  the reason   why  that accident was happened  is    that   he was  making a phone call with driving. so   i just  listened  what he was saying. and, after that, the policeman came to the place, and  he listened  what  was happening. and i explained that    the man  driving  a bike   made a phone call,  so   that accident happened.    and  the policeman   understand what i said. . so,  after that,    the broken bike was carried by the truck and  the man who  drove the bike    watched  the bike was carried by truck. . that is my story. yeah. i think there are several reasons. yeah. one reason is that  like  story,  so many drivers   use a mobile phone with driving. and also,  i think  there are some  people who  drink and drive. that is a very big  problem, i think. yeah.. i think it's very difficult   deal with the problem. . someone said that   we had  impose  strict rule on  traffic accident. .  and also, i think  the education of the  driving is very important. so   i think  we  needs a kind of  education system for  people who have a driving license.yeah... yeah. i'll go back to my house. yeah.   i haven't   eaten dinner yet, so i'd like to eat .no. i think  i'll buy something  at a convenience store. . yeah.i'll buy some healthy food.thank you.