?my name is .yes.i'm fine but,  i have to run so  i am little tired now.i missed train, sorry.pardon?i live in  prefecture.but it takes me thirty minutes from my house to this school.yes.i live in alone in an apartment. but  i lived alone  when i was high school student so i was use to be. what?yes, and my hometown is small village so there are not any high school. so  i went out the island and  went to high school in the city. my  home village has only eight hundred people so   there are only junior high school and elementary school. .  the island is famous for japanese orange and fishes.it is very delicious.    in  prefecture.pardon, i'm sorry.  i feel in  lonely and the biggest city the people     usually not  don't across conversation for example "good morning", "hello". but, in  my home town, in village,  if we meet at first time we are smile and so .  in fact i love my island   it was very enjoyable time.sunday, let me see    i remembered.  i went to shopping in shibuya and i bought some nice suits to wear in my friend's concert.  it will be hold december twenty-six.  he is a member of orchestra and he play horn.so, christmas concert.yes.yes. o k, . i think this picture describe  some party or  restaurant      it looks be high class restraint,   and i can see two guest, one is woman and the other is man.   they look enjoy talking and drinking some wine. and in the picture i can see   other two couples eating and  next to the big clock a woman  is playing piano.no, i like cooking. so    date?       museum, or amusement park and so on.  my friends are almost  archaeology members so we love museum abut archaeology so   whenever we have a free time  we often go to museum to study  and     in fact i love roller coaster so  often     i say my friend "shall we go amusement park?" but almost my friend don't like roller coaster so.yes.yes.yes, i see.   i'm sorry but  i  wanna go to new york and    how can i get the ticket to new york?  where can i get the ticket?yes? .. yes,  i wanna go to there as soon as possible so please tell me the way to the fastest way.yes,   so  the super express's ticket  i want. how much is it?o k, so   please one ticket to new york of super express please.thank you.yes.thank you. . .  i don't remember. i usually use .airplane.to far away,  far place.so, i don't remember now.yes.yes.yeah.yes,  one day last week when she opened the refrigerator's door but   there weren't  any food.  she thought " my god.  how can i cook today's dinner.". so in a hurry she went to super market near her house by car and    she bought many things in spite of    not to go shopping in that week. after the shopping she carried the food she bought and she went to home. as soon as she arrives her house she started to cooking  with the food she bought before. that's all.yes..  super market near my house. because  in the store the food is usually cheap then in department or the  delica shop.so i like the super market. not club i'm in archeology major. especially      we haven't started yet but i want to study the  inca  empire in south america.no, this is my holiday.yes.thank you.