good morning.yeah. my name is .nice to meet you, too. thank you. pretty good because monday morning, i got  enough sleep last night.yeah. much better than other days,i think.yeah. also fridays.yeah. so far so good because  almost all colleagues are smart, exciting.  and  i like about my project i'm doing right now. smart means  how can i say, impressive, or  i can take  project smoothly.. ?i'm from  city. i live in just close to  station. ten minutes walk.i don't think so too busy place to live in, i think. very convenient, but a lot of drunker.  how can i say, like traditional town    old lady's walking like, how can i say, and   morning market. i mean just i want to live with  how can i say,  natural living like,  city is very brand new, very changing every time. and  almost all shops are focussing on young people. so we can't see any old people there.it's very  strange for me. sometimes uncomfortable. yeah.o k.  i have only child, and   i live in with my mother and father and me. and   my father is working for the company dealing with japanese traditional pictures, vases, traditional products. and he is the president of that company, working very hard, i think. and my mother, she also has a job, and  she is  public servant working for  city.yeah, of course. in what way?  he seems very professional for his job. and  he is very good at with me and with my mother, too. so maybe his sense of balance, job and family is very good, i think..o k. it's the picture of the class. and  the  woman teacher is teaching mathematics, i think. and    there're some students on the picture,  but almost all of them are not caring for the teacher. just one boy student's listening carefully and taking the notes. but the speaking of others, they're like just talking  with their friends, and drinking something, and listening music, and e-mailing by cell phone something like that.  it's not good class, it seems.    maybe it's class of junior high school, but they don't wear the uniforms. .yeah,i was.what do you mean? ?casual and uniform? i think it's good to wear uniforms because i don't need to care about . because when i was junior high, i don't have enough money to select clothes so uniform maybe help me a lot.yes... it depends because  in my junior high school days,  i have some special  school system in my school. it's like i don't have home class.  instead,    i had class selected by the ability. like i have english class and mathematics class, something like that. and each class is the different. its teachers are different, and its each classmate are different. so it depends. so like very boring class, it was almost same as this picture. but sometimes   very strict teacher, we were listening to the strict teacher. so it  depends. yeah. i think teacher is not so good maybe. it seems she's speaking to the black board, not speaking  to students. so she has some problems, too, i think.read in english?japanese?..o k.hello, this is .hi.  i'm talking about the dinner party that  i was supposed to go there, but i didn't go. and i would like to apologize about it. .   on that day,  i was just called suddenly by my  very best friends. like   she had a car accident, and  she didn't know how to deal with it. so  she was calling from her cell phone to me. and i just called to  one one nine, and call the how can i say, emergency car. and    i went to the place  where she had a car accident, and i took her to the hospital, too. so  i couldn't even  tell you that i can't go there.yeah. i'm so sorry, but i was so upset, you know. it was so, how can i say, it was very unspecial  that  i couldn't expected. i was so upset so i just forgot about the party. not forgot, like  i couldn't have a space in my mind..yeah, right. so yeah, that's why i'm apologizing today. yeah, i'm so sorry.  i really want to go there, but i couldn't.  i want to go there in the next time for sure. yeah..thank you.have you ever heard  ? did iexperienced? no.  not at all.yeah.  excuse.  yeah.     on the last friday, i just made a phone call to my girlfriend, and like "yeah, it's just friday, and let's have a dinner   tomorrow like saturday night.". but  i got  too much drink on friday with my colleagues, and i couldn't  go back to home on friday.  stayed  at my friend's  hotel, and i got up afternoon.  so and i had a heavy  headache on saturday so i just couldn't go to have a dinner with my girlfriend on saturday night. she said like, "it's o k.  let's have a meet on sunday." when  i excused.... o k. .. o k.  . should i start?one day last week,  i was walking with my girlfriend.  it was rainy day. and suddenly, i just heard  strange  voice  like cat, i think. but it was very small voices so my girlfriend didn't recognize it. and i just look around it, and found a box. and inside the box,  there was a small cat inside. and she was so cute. and my girlfriend also    liked her. and my girlfriend pick up the cat, and asked to me to bring the cat to our house. we are living together. but i said i can't do that because we are living in the apartment. the owner of the apartment  will not allow us to have a pet. but  my girlfriend is really wanted to   have that cat. she was really liked her.  she couldn't stop  to hope it. so  i was just thinking, and   she said  she will take care of that cat all time by herself. so i just decided to take the cat to the home, and live together. all of . yeah. boyfriend and girlfriend.lovers, but not  wife and husband. like living before the marriage. very close. but not married. you know, i like the cat very much. and   i really want to have a pet, but because i live in the apartment so   i can't take the cat to the home. so maybe i will  call to some friends of mine, and like if they have a space to have a pet. and   even though i couldn't find the friends,  i just need to leave her there, i think. not guilty because   i can't afford to do it. i'm not the person who care the cat. maybe she will be not happy when i take it to home..yeah. kind of.but i can do that maybe.yeah. good colleagues.thank you..