 my name is .nice to meet you, too.yeah, it is.. i'm rather to go out with lunch, and maybe lie on a grass in a park..  used to locate in  or  area long time ago. and it moves here also long time ago. and  most of the students are studying education. and     we have special courses for every subject in school. so i think  this is one of the biggest university in japan.. i am majoring in english education, and i'm a graduate student here. and this is my last year. and i'm now working on my thesis. . i feel very sad actually because i'm going back to my hometown next spring. and this year would be my last year in tokyo also. so after writing my thesis, i'm planning to go out many fun places in tokyo.. i'm from , and my hometown is famous for rice, uonuma koshihikari. and we have lots of mountain, and we can enjoy skiing in winter.   and my hometown has a  station. but  around the station, we can see only rice fields, and  no other buildings are higher than the  station there.   i can not really compare it to other kinds, but my father always tells me that the koshihikari rice is the best one in japan, and i believe  in him so.   i know they are very good when it gets cold.and yeah, shines  like pearlsand beautiful.yes..o k. . a girl is in her own room, and she is sitting in front of her computer. and she keeps two animals. one is dog, and another is a cat. and they're also in her room. and she has a big bed and  big stereo set and her own telephone and some books and nice blue clock on the wall. and it seems to be in june because she has a calendar of june.  also she has a typewriter of pink color. so maybe she's working on something, maybe thesis.  ,  it looks very similar to my own room because i have computer and stereo set  and bed and clock. but i don't have pets because i'm living in a ,  not  room. so i'm not allowed to keep any kinds of pets in my room. but i think her room is little bit wider than mine. and little bit cleaner maybe.   i like my room though.yes.yes. it's a tough question.     i've just got my  questionnaires turned back from my participants. and i have to start typing in my   questionnaires with my computer. and also i have to look for so many examples from previous studies. so  i can imagine it's gonna be really hard for the  next coming two months. it's due to the end of january...o k.  actually, yesterday i bought a dress at this shop, and i tried it on at my house. and it was little bit tight for me so  if you can, i would like you to give me another size of the same kinds of dress.. really?  but my friend is getting married tomorrow, and i really need the dress for tomorrow's party. and  i don't have enough money to buy another dress by tomorrow. so  i don't care about colors. so if i can find any kinds of dress that  just fit me, so please could you   exchange the dress to another one? if it costs little bit higher, i can pay for that. but  i don't have  money to buy another dress so please. all right.   if i can talk to your boss, would that be possible to ask him to give me different kinds of dress with the same cost?  no.   what can i do? .  how about i work here for one day instead so you can take off one day? so  i think it's a  good deal.. please help me i'll  this situation. . . really? .. thank you very much. so   i'll call him right now. so can i have his numbers? very much.thank you.  not really.  when something is tight, i give it to my cousin who is living with me now. and she's really thin so she fits in it .and  she gives me back a small present so  it's good..yeah. i try many kinds of wears even at one shop. and     even if i liked the design, i may not like how i look in the dress. so i try for sure.  but after trying, it makes me nervous to say that  i'm not going to buy this and da da da da da.  but  i'm always trying to be honest what i think about the dress so. .and  i decide the budget before i go to a store so that i don't spend all the money..yeah. .o k. can i name these people?all right. let's say, ken.  one day last week, ken was riding in his car, and it was a beautiful day. and at the same time, jun   was enjoying talking on his girlfriend  he was riding on his motorbike. and they met at a corner, and     ken's car hit a  jun  jun's motorbike. and with that shock,   jun dropped his cell phone on the road. and cell phone  got broken, and jun complained about it to ken.  and mister policeman came to , and they were explaining what happened there. and jun still seems mad about that ken broke his cell phone. but ken told the policeman that  jun was talking on the phone while he was riding motorbike. and finally,  jun's motorbike was towed away.. not often, but i have the license..  .that was two weeks ago when i was at my home. and  my brother let me drive his car. and    i always have a company in the same car when i drive because i feel very  uneasy without anyone in the car because  i don't know if i do wrong thing .  and my brother always told me  my driving is not good. and he never lets me drive on the highway.  he says he doesn't wanna die.  but  next spring, i will have his car as my own car, and he will get a new car.  so but it's good i can get a nice car with lower price. ..i went to see my grandma in hospital. she has just  had the operation on her back.  but  she's fine, but she can't move a lot. she has to be in the hospital for a month. we went to see her.. yes. we still have another class from four thirty to seven thirty.. it's one class,  and i have to finish my tasks for today.  , i think i can go home around nine or ten.. yeah.thank you.