good morning. my name is .yes.  not bad.  i  didn't sleep well because yesterday, i worked hard. and i  went to drink.yeah. after work,  i didn't sleep well.. yes. .  always  i finished work  near the last train.yeah.my job? now, i'm  in accounting section   for textile company. so  i'm in charge of two sales section. so my  main job is     counselor of sales section.  they always ask me  from simple question or  very difficult question  i don't .. at first,  i   wanted to work  salesman,   so first,  i didn't like this job. but now,    i think, to get accounting skill is very important for my future job,  and  it's  too hard for me but very exciting. so i like.. yes.  but sometimes ..    on weekdays, so on saturday   i  sleep all day long.sometime  all day long. on sunday sometime  i go out with my friends or sometimes  go to drink . yeah.now? . .   in   accountings. . in university, i didn't study hard, but now,  i must study for my job. so  though i'm very hard, but   i have  for study accounting.yeah... o k.    this is the picture of some  expensive restaurant. and there are three table in this picture.  and   the main part  of this picture  a couple  having dinner. and a   man  is holding the glass wine and there are  wine in a glass. and  a waiter is recommending to them   what kind of wine   is like.   and this is   not  on the dishes yet. and   i think this is expensive restaurant because   a lady  playing piano in this restaurant. so i think this is gorgeous  restaurant. and  there are another two couple who are having dinner. yes. that's it.. yes. yes.  i like, but  i don't have lots of experience  in that atmosphere..no. i like, but   i'm freshman of this company. so at last year, i was a student, so when i was student,  i could not go to this type of restaurant because i don't have much money. but  i can't go to this type of restaurant now, so  i'm tying to  go to this type of restaurant.  when i was university student,  i always went to  .so   they were very noisy.  and  i like  too, but  very noisy and   we drank with   many . . and  for main  for  is drinking. so  food were not so good, but very cheap. . . this type  is   but  little bit expensive, but food is also good. and   some kind of wine. i like wine  but   i don't have information of good wine or good food, so  for future,  i will try to get a lot of information this type of food.yeah.o k.o k. let's start. o k.yes.    i bought this t shirt   this store last week.  but  i would like return this. can i return this?. . because  after i bought this,  i  tried it on  in my house, but  it was  too small for me.. yeah.yes. but   i could not try it on in this store, because    in this store,  people prohibited to try t shirts on. i could not try it on. . .   if i cannot   return this and refund,    exchange is o k? yes. . here.sorry?yeah. yeah.  but   same goods but  a little bigger is  suit for me. so,different size, but  same goods.so    money same. so please exchange. really.  o k. so let me see the color ..  o k,  i don't have pink t shirts. . i like, but     pink color. so, yeah, o k.yes. thank you very much.thank you.see you.another country.  yes,  i've been to china three times.yes.   only as a sightseeing. and in china,  goods are very cheap, but  the   shopper always  offered   much expensive money,for that goods, so     shopping is fight. .yes.  first,  it's very  hard and  was very tired, but  second and three time,    i master skill of .so  i enjoy it. one time,    i bought a  hat.first, shopper offered  this was   ten thousand yen,    i bought it one hundred yen. .yeah.  i won.yes.o k. o k.  one day last week,  a couple was walking on the street.   it was raining heavily, so   they're having an umbrella each other. and  at that time,   there is a box  in front of the  home. and something was in the box.  and  man was hearing  some noise  from the box. and  after that,  they are  founding the box, and  from the box,  there is a little cat.  and  girl picked up this cat. and      she wants  to    take that cat to  home, but  he refused. but     she got to like that cat, so  she again   said, she wanted to take it home, so  he was very embarrassed. but  finally,  he allowed her to take it home, so  they and a little cat   went home together with one umbrella. yeah.keeping a pet. .   i have lived in apartment  since . so i don't have experience that  i kept  dog or cat. but  i only  were keeping a littler  hamster. .  hamster     study and can't  notice me,   but   if  i'm alone in my house,      i'm talking  that hamster, so       make my life happy.thank you..yes. yes.  but  sometimes,     when i put  my hands  on the floor,sometimes  hamsters coming to my hand. at that time, i was . one time, one hamster. but  after that one hamster died,  next hamster  came to my house. all hamsters are same name.yeah. kotaro.yeah.