 my name is . nice to meet you. yes.yeah, good. but  last night i drink, so, a little   my head is a little heavy.yeah. last night that  we went to the  restaurant with my colleague. so, total ten person.so, my boss  japanese . i was drank ,. so, they had a headache. in this morning it was hard to get up.after work? yeah every day almost no time after work, i do so hard. so, i every day that  i work  till eleven, o'clock. so, almost i have no time to go outside.weekend? yeah sometimes,  with my wife.we go to a camp, go to the mountain,yeah go to shopping..yes.i do soccer, and baseball. so,   sometimes after work, sometimes, i go to the gymnasium  to play soccer with my colleagues.yeah.what kind of attractive?  not so attractive. just as a   to keep my weight. so, think i have to do.that's all. because  every day i have no time. so, i want to sleep long time. . i don't want to go to soccer. but, to keep my weight, so, i have to go to soccer.yeah, baseball  actual  my  in junior high school times i play baseball. recently, maybe once a three months, i play with my energy department against   kyushyu  department .that's rare. one for time passed for three months for us.? as a general, total?.   there    here is  ski. what can i say the  ski place? and  many person is  skiing. and, there is a snow ball and    four boys and girls are throwing  snow ball  each other.   some person is  skiing and, some person is  fall down. and  in the house  some person to pass a drinking some coffee. so, that's all.yeah. because   sports means  ski. .yeah, i don't like.i've never been to  ski.so  little difficult to   as  some active place or something..maybe, because  high school and university i played the soccer every day. so, of course  i have a time to go to skiing. but  i have no interest in the skiing. so, playing soccer or something. so, i've never been... yeah if that time and , maybe i'll try.particular?  i want to try   to the snowboard.i think that  is a kind of ski. i don't.....yes. i want to go to there, new york by train. so i'm stranger. so i don't know how to go to new york.   which way is the best? so, would you please give me the,  information regarding the new york? can i go  there? what is the best way? the cheapest way?.super express.that's earliest .and, of course that is   cheap  no??. so, that is the fastest?. . o k. expensive, but  i'll buy it.    could you please give me the ticket? for the new york, the express. six ..yeah. right now..no   no standing ticket? so,  nearest  trains   what is the nearest train? what time start? what time   the  nearest route is that  what can i say? the full is  everything within today? everything is  full?today?a next train. only next train is full. so next next train is  there is a room?. .. o k. i'll buy..yeah, thank you.. by train. no, i don't like that. i want to go to travel by car.so, i don't know why. but  if use the train, and  if i have  many baggage  it's hard that     no convenience. so, every time i want to use a car...? what kind trip? . if  i go to the . home town.because  every time i use the train .because  if i want to go to  it's hard it cause to take about eight to ten hours. so, that time  i use train. but   near here. for example, mountain and, say, go to sea, i use car.it's i need not to carry the  heavy baggage.so  i like car. that's all. but, sometimes at there is a trunk heavy. at that time i don't like a car. but as a total, i like car..last ... o k.  my mother went to the department to buy the necktie   for her husband. because    next week her husband is  happy birthday. so . she bought a green and yellow necktie. so, she paid  some money. after buying the necktie   she saw the some bargain, shoes and  some shirts. at first   she didn't want to buy  something, but  finally she bought some shoes and   some shirt, some dress. after that, when the she went out the depart she bought   many thing.o k. that's all. yes. i bought my mother.. i've forgot. so long time ago.for  maybe mother's day.you know that  - terminal in the .of course that    main job is a  to keep a tank for the  crude oil. but  recently  they made some flower in the place of terminal.so, most i go to their energy department.  so   the staff of - terminal came to main office.yeah, they asked me to send  some flower   to my mother. so i send some flower to my mother.yeah, she said good. but    my mother likes  that flower. so  she's making,    yeah, in her house.so, she said  "this flower is not so good". .   maybe she is happy. but, the  is not good.i never seen, so, i can understand what she said. that  was not so good...yeah. but   she wants some bag.at that  she said to me  she want to buy more  bigger bag. so maybe within one year  i'll buy .. maybe i have to buy.yeah.. this weekend, i have no plan . just  i still  come to my office.yeah. from the . new year.  no holiday .yeah, so hard.yeah...