 my name is .yeah. i'm fine. i'm from ,  prefecture.yes. it takes about two hours to come here... i usually reading books  only to sleep. maybe i  go to somewhere,  interesting place with my friend  maybe only to sleep.    it means  many people there and   special event will happen. for example,  christmas event or      ceremonical event. i like watching such events. on new year's eve,  i always    go to temple with my friend and hit the bell. it is called . i'm looking forward to  going there this year, too. but   usually,  new year day   have plan.maybe  only to watch the t v show or  go somewhere.yeah.. it's depends on my feeling. maybe last year,  i hoped a peaceful year.because  last year doesn't  happened  some happy things to . i live with  my father and mother. and i have one elderly sister and  also have two cats.   now,  he works at  company but  next year, he will be retire.  so  from   next year's april,   he will be always in home   maybe only to kill time.it's lovely day. and  there is a house  faced on the road. and   in front of the house,  two children playing with a ball and   a man running  next to the children. and   behind him,  two dogs playing.   i seems they make friends with each other.   the house has   big window   faced the road. and   in front of the window,   a girl  what can i say,  playing with rope.  there is  a car in the road. and  on the car,  a cats is sleeping. and next of the car,  two woman talking. and one of the woman has his dogs.   in the other side of the road,   there is also a house. and in front of the house,  a old man reading papers,  sitting on the chair. that's all. .  yeah.   my neighborhoods  never runs around the house. and  around my house doesn't have such big road. and      my neighbor never talks on the road. maybe  go into the garden and talks there. excuse me. yes.o k.yes. hello?  i'm . .yeah.  do you have a time  next sunday? i would like to go to movie with you  so how about next monday?do you have time?   is that free time is   yeah, afternoon?.  so  how about watching  "harry potter"??yeah.  so i'm always o k.   it's on monday. so  how about go watching  at three o'clock in shinjuku?yeah.   how do you come there?yeah.  that's good.  but i have bus card   from  station to shinjuku station. so     how about see in  station and go to  shinjuku station by bus?o k. so see you next monday.yeah.no. no. usually, listenning to the music or reading books.   my favorite books is  history novels. so  i don't have so much interested in "harry potter". fantasy. i don't know    how it say. yeah..       how can i ,  i think     human life is repeats.so  studying history means   to know  what will happen, i think. one day last week,   it was raining. and    i walked with my girlfriend to my house. on the way,  i heard something, faint voice from the box which is   throwed on the road.     i checked the voice and we found  a cats.  because i already have two cats in my house, i can't  feed him. so  i asked my girlfriend to feed.  first, she complained about that. but  after that,   i pleased her from all my heart and  she agreed to feed him. it's happy end.yeah..  i always say about it. they never speaks. so   for example,  when i feel sad,  they never speaks and   come to my knee and sit on my knee. and with no words but   gaze me and   usually only sleep. but   such time, i feel something  comfortable and happy.    i have circle  at six o'clock in .so  maybe after this three or two hours,  around this university and i will play something.  maybe go to computer's room, check the internet.yeah. i don't care.time doesn't matter.. never complains..