. yes. my name is . nice to meet you.. yes, of course.  this station?  when   i  arrived at  about one hour ago.yes. but  i enjoyed  drinking in kentucky fried chicken. yes, but    there is not so  many coffee shop around the station. but    in my first  impression  it's very  silent  around the station. so  it seems comfortable condition.  i think so. yes   in kentucky  i ate fried chicken and  drank  a cup of coffee with  learning  english conversation and listening my tape.yes. yes.   yes  i can  sorry. .    our office is  located in .so it's very  convenient to commute. but  there are a lot of people around there. and  big noise around there. but  this area is  very calm and   comfortable. and   if  we live in  around the inogashira line,it's very convenient.  i live in  in  prefecture. so if  i commute there, so it takes about two hours. so it's very terrible.    but  this building is very new, and   what can say  very clean because  owner of  this building or your company president is cleanly person.. i've been studying english for  from  high school.  i'm sorry, i forgot.  i've been studying english for about  thirteen years  because   i'm  january high school student. i started to  learn english because my ability of speaking english is not so high    due to the less opportunity to use it. .learning  i think  it's pronunciation and fluency  because  we can learn   for example  grammar and reading is   at the desk. but  speaking  ability or    and so on is not  easy at the desk. so to commute foreigners or  advanced person    it's  important  for us   to improve our skill. yes.i'm very  busy. i'm strapped  .. yes. now my job is  making documents of   shipment. so it's very important. so if  i miss it, so the   big problem will occur. so i have to  check  seriously.so it's very very big problem.  but    i felt it was very  big responsibility for our section.yes... i'd like to talk about this picture.  it's  on scene of  this girl's room.  it's  one day in june  according to the calendar. and it's nine o'clock in the morning. this girl is  sitting at the  chair  in front of  the desk.  she has a personal computer and the typewriter.    sorry, she usually  write e-mails to her  friends  every day. and  she's purchasing some goods   through the internet site. and   at her school  she use the typewriter  to write a letter in english. and   she's cleanly  person because  clean is  very clean, and tidy. the    the window is   wiped cleanly. and she loves  animals. and she have a dog and a cat. the dog is  always sleeping in the house. now  the dog is   on the floor  besides the bed. the dog is  brown. and    the dog all  brown. and the cat is    also sleeping on the bed. the cat is  stripe with yellow and  brown.and  she left  the door open for them   to enter or  exit  easily. and she has  also  the stereo set.  it seems very expensive because  the speaker is very big. and she loves  some music  especially she loves  soul music. and  she has   how can i say, she has  telephone   in her room for herself. and  there is a  dust box    full of  garbage..  it's very difficult question. but     because there is      two piece of c d. so  and  how can i say, it's very difficult question.   . .  sorry  i have no idea. .  so as you know, the   i t business is  increasing  the market in the world. so  after her graduation, probably  she will  go to a university. and after that  she  worked for  some work.  at that time  it's very useful  to have a  i t  skills. so  now, probably  she is a high school student. but     she has already  advanced skills of computer..yes.yes.yes. ..hello.  this is . how are you?yes, now, i'm planning to   go to see  movie  in  shibuya.so  are you free  next saturday?? how about next sunday?it's o k?so now, there is  action movies     in shibuya.     my friends says  it was  very interesting and excitement. so i'd like to go to  the theater to see it. and    is it o k? so now  where  do you live now? really. so    the movie will start at  two o'clock in the  afternoon. but  i'd like to eat lunch with you. so  i'd like to  meet you at ten o'clock in the morning at shibuya station. so do you know   the statue of ?o k? so    please  come to the   statue. and i'm waiting for you   in front of the  .it's o k? and  if    there is a problem, so please  call me e-mail me.yeah, you are welcome. bye. yes.  yes, of course.sorry, once more please..      so   there is  not so many opportunity to go out with  my friend. but  sometimes  i go to  drinking with my friend   after our job. but   it's very ..   i   always  decide the   sorry, place  which is  near our   office because we usually go  after our job.yes.. yes.yeah.yes.it's o k.one day last week,  the young guy and his sister  were walking on the road in the  residential area  with  opening umbrellas each other. it was rainy day. there was  carton box with  stripe  of green, orange, and black  besides the utility pole and wall. and  he heard  something near back them and   he was going to listen carefully and bending his eye to it because the cry  from the box was  so tiny. and  and  after that      the young girl found the kitten in the box. and      through her  umbrellas and she felt it was  very  poor, and  asked him   to take it to their house.  but   the cat was  left to be picked by someone kind. and  she'll  asked him to take it, but he  didn't nod his head and crossed his arm to show the negative thinking. but  she begged repeatedly. so finally, he allowed to  take it to their house because   sorry he also  felt it was very miserable. and   she looked so happy, and  the kitten was  also so happy. .  and  after that    they started for home with opening umbrella with  kitten.  that was  heart full story.yes.. yes, of course. yeah. ... you're welcome.