good afternoon.my name is .yes.  it's . very good.  relaxing.relaxing. yes.  i like political science .yes.i like to study social studies and about what happened in  history in the past. and i like to learn what we should do from now on for the future to make a better future for us. right now, because  i finish my entrance exams for my  university, i have a lot of free time. so i like to use it doing like a lot of cooking and baking, taking , going shopping. yes.political science. yes. my favorite subject. i want to meet a lot of other people and to be able to learn from them. and i wish to go over  abroadagain.  i used to live in  and i wish to study abroad again so i could learn about another culture and i can brush up my english. about seven years ago. it's my eighth year in japan right now.    in japan? when i came back to japan? not really,  not that much. i was able to speak a lot of japanese as well. so i didn't really have a lot of  hard time trying to get along. but  it was a little bit hard to understand how the japanese people thought because i didn't really think like japanese  children.   like an american kid. so it was a little bit hard to understand that part. i have a mother, a father, and  an older brother. he studies law at  university i'm going to go to. the same university...  i also like to read a lot of books. yes. i spend my time a lot reading books as well.i like to read classic books. my favorite series is "anne of green gables". i really like that series. yes. i read them, too.but i think read a bit more of the american novels, english novels more than  japanese novels because i read  japanese novels a lot in class.so i take  my free time to read english.yes. no,  not really that much. of course there's a cultural difference between the stories but that's about it. yes... yes.o k.thank you. this is a picture of a girl who is talking to her cat on her bed right now. i think she is trying to practice a presentation or something on the computer. and she is  looking at her cat and trying to  make sure she can make a good presentation, probably for her homework or something for a class. o k...   like about the picture?. it's ..yes, i do. i usually read books or i clean up my room. i like to clean up my room a lot,  i like to , keeping nice and clean. yes.yeah,   not my computer but a family computer, . i search the internet  when i need something for my homework or i e-mail my friends. and i  get a lot of books from the internet as well because they sell english books for really low price.yes.yes. amazon.yes.. to the internet and you click on amazon, then  they have a site called amazon japan. so you can get a lot of english books, japanese books for a really low price, and they will send it to you to your house in about like a week time. if it's really fast, it will come about in two days or something.yes. and it's really cheap. because if you go to a bookstore,   like you have to pay about twice as much as a real price for english books. but you can get it for like the same price as you can get it in america.yes. it's really simple.yeah..yeah.  if i'm sending a mail to my friend in school  at  or something,  i will use my cell phone. but if i'm sending a mail to someone in america, then it's better for me to use a computer because it's   easier to type in english and you can write a lot. and i usually write a lot because you don't see them often. and i usually tell them what happened today and what i'm thinking about, what i'm doing, the stuff like that.yeah.some ways, yes. because it's easier for us to communicate with other people through  using the internet. and   it's really simple to type up something, a project, and   if you're making an error you can  easily fix it. so yes, it is good in some ways.. i think you have to really be careful  about the time, first of all. if you really don't  attention to how much time using that internet, not just internet but on the computer, then you'd be really wasting a lot of your precious time. and i want to be careful about that point. and also i think there are a lot of bad influence on the computer as well. if you don't be careful, you might go into a porno site or  sites that are not really very good for children, and you can get a bad influence from that. and on the news, they have been saying about  sites that show about how to kill people or how to commit suicide, and i don't think those are really good influence. i think you have to be careful about  what you watch and how much time you use on the internet... i think  the parents have to make sure about like what their children see on the internet. and i think it's a good idea to keep the computer somewhere where the parents can watch  to check what the children are doing. because the children might not know what they are doing is really bad for them and they might have a really bad influence on themselves. no,  .o k.o k.o k.right. yes. i want to exchange this. i want to return it. i know your policies don't allow that, but i really didn't like it. so i wish you could please exchange it for me.i know. but i really didn't know that. this wasn't what i wanted. if you really can,  i'll buy something else with the money. so if you can, i would really appreciate it if you can exchange it for another thing or if you could give me back my money. i thought  it was a little too  small for me. i tried it on. but after i tried it on again at  house and i put something over it, it was a little bit too small for my size. and the design was a little bit too   hot.  it wasn't what i really wanted. i wanted something more calm. it didn't really look nice on me. after i changed  in my house, the lights were a little different. so it looked a little different on me.no,  i think i want to exchange it because  i figured out that it's not gonna look nice on me. and it doesn't really go with the clothes i have..thank you .. thank you very much. i appreciate it.  no.    i'm a very careful shopper.  i really look at what i want. and i think about it for a couple of days or so i really like it. so i don't really  exchange clothes. yes... it's better if you go to a store because  you can try it on. but  the catalog shopping, they allow you to exchange it and for no expense. they pay for the fee to bring it back as well. but  catalog shopping is really cheap than the clothes that they sell at the stores. so in that ways, yes, it's really nice for catalog shopping. but i like to try it on better. . no, not yet.. there are several ways, i think, you can pay. and  we pay by having the check pay. a check comes to our house and then we bring it to a bank or a convenience store where you  deposit the money. yes. i think you can do that as well. i think  you tell the number of a credit card and they will   take the money out from your bank. no, .o k. .o k. this? o k.o k. one day last week, i decided to go camping with my very good friend, aki. we packed a lot of stuff, our flush lights,  food to eat, everything, and we even got a tent up. we drove to a lake.  it was about a three-hour drive. and we got there. we got the tent out. we got the fire going. and we were about to have our dinner when the storm came. the rain started pouring on us and our tent blew away. and  we couldn't stay there any longer because the wind was so hard and the rain was coming down really fast as well. so we decided to drive and see if we could find a hotel nearby. and luckily, we were able to find a hotel called "cosmos". so we decided to stay there for the night. and  even though we wanted to stay by the lake, we were able to see the lake and even the mountains   through the window in our hotel room. and we were able to get a hot cup of tea to warm us up because we were soaked from the   storm. yes. in a way, probably, because  if you looked at the news and the weather  forecast, the weather forecast might have told you that   there was a storm coming or it was going to rain somehow. but  sometimes you can't really tell what the weather is like.  maybe .yes, i like outdoor activities. but i haven't really camped outside in a tent yet before. i like sports and i also like to hike a lot. yes.  by  going to a river and barbecue, stuff like that. i went on a hike in may  last year   we went on school trip and we were able to go anywhere in . so my group decided to go to    to make a last memory of our high school life.yes.     i think five of us, we climbed up .yeah.  it was a school day, so there was a lot of about first or second graders of  elementary school kids. but other than that, aren't that many. but it was pretty steep.  yes. our muscles hurt...yes.. .   not just barbecue? o k?   for barbecue,  we usually have a really big bake grill in america. we were able to buy a really big grill, but in japan, they don't really sell a big grill. it's really usually small, about like a family size. and when we barbecue, we usually had like a lot of people over. it was really simple.  like  they brought food over. we just put the meat, the vegetables, marshmallows on the grill and we just sit backed and relaxing.  the adults had beer and the  kids had soda. but in japan, there aren't any places where they have a grill. so they usually go to a park. and a lot of families around you are doing barbecue as well a little bit and little bit.  it's a little different because  when we have barbecues, it's not usually a family but we usually do with like a lot of neighbors and have a lot of guests over. but it's to keep everything relaxing, not to get so fussy over little things and have everything up going and relaxing. so i think that was a different part of the barbecue in america and in japan.. i'm going to go to  with a couple of friends of mine and we are going to make  some bracelets for my other friends that have entrance exams,yes, coming .yes. looking forward . much.