yes, my name is .yes.i'm from  city..yes, i was born and raised in . i studied abroad for one year in the united states. ..kind of. yes. it's suburb. .  beautiful place.i studied. yes. i enter the university one year as exchange student. i didn't have to major. but  i studied english in my university here in japan. but when i was in abroad, i didn't have to major in any subjects. so i could take any .. very much.yes,  i like going to the movies. i like go shopping. and  i like singing karaoke.yes. i like hanging around with my friends.things like that. i like all the types of movies. but i especially like, yeah, courtroom dramas and the old dramas like soldiers fighting with  and things like that, like medieval.. not recently. but  a while ago, i watched  "gladiator". i like thatvery much..yes, i mean, not very often, but like once in a month.. usually  pop song and  rock musics. . i can refresh. and  i don't have to care about the other people, and  i like going to  with my very close friends. so i don't have to care if i'm very good singer or not. i just want to fresh. think nothing about like studies or thing like that.o k..yes.  this is a room. and there is a lady sitting on her chair. and there are  two pets. one is dog, and one is cat. and  i think she was doing computer. and there is a  typewriter there, and a dust box and a bed. and the door is open. and  there is a audio set, and a calendar and a clock. and more?   and  she is wearing green sweater. and  she looks like explaining about computer to her pets. but pets are not listening to . they're just sleeping. .yes. because there is a computer which i don't have.  i want to do the internet. i want to do like e-mails . with  my cell phone.but not with the computer.because it's easy to communicate.  if i write a letter to my foreign friend, it takes like more than a week. but with an e-mail,  you know, just it's a moment. it's more convenient and fast.yes. my room is much smaller than this room. and  as i said before, i don't have computer. i don't have typewriter. i do have pets. i have three cats and two dogs. so that's maybe the point i'm better than her.  and i do have audio set. and  other than that, pretty much same..yes.o k.  o k..o k.hi,  my name is .. and  i was supposed to go to the party tonight. i'm really sorry. i really apologize, but i couldn't make it because my mom suddenly got sick. and i was the only one in my home, and i have to take care of her. so i really really wanted to go there, but i couldn't. so i really apologize. but  i appreciate if you ask me to go again  sometime....i know..i know  i really wanted to call. but actually, my mom was taken to the hospital with ambulance. and  it was like i didn't have time because i was so upset. so i should have thought about calling you. but i was kind of upset. so upset so i couldn't make it..  she was o k.     actually, she kind of fell down the stairs. and  she was unconscious. so i was upset. so i called ambulance. and  she was taken to hospital. but she actually had nothing. she was just fainted. that's all. so    that was good.  so nothing actually happened to her. but just i was too upset.  you know? sorry about that.yeah. ...sure, of course. i do love going to parties.o k. my ideal party is just between our closed friends. and we bring all foods and stuff together. and  we have just wonderful conversations. i mean nothing special,  nothing expensive. but just enjoy conversations, drink good wines, eat nice foods, things like that... actually,  i've never seen the  real party in japan.i mean in the united states, i had many chances to go to the parties. and that was like really party. you know, like we imagine. it was like crazy party kind of. because i was   university. and those were really fun. and  i think americans know how to enjoy the party. but we don't know because we don't have chance to go to the party.and hold party.yeah..  i went several parties. and  it's like more between very close friends in the school. so it's like usually my friend's house and she or he  ask many friends to come. and she or  he would cook. and we also bring foods, and  we just enjoy conversation for like hours like all the night. that's .. ....o k.o k.o k. one day last week, a man was driving a car. and at the same time, the other man was driving a bike making telephone call to  his girlfriend. and then these two vehicles just collided. and  at that moment, the man who was driving the motorcycle,  he drop his cell phone. and that man was complaining about the cell phone that he dropped because the phone was broken  because of that shock. and he was complaining about   the other person who was driving a car. and  in the meantime, a police came up, and asked about the situation. and the man who was driving a car explain  the other person who was driving a bicycle was making a cell phone call while he was driving. and he explained that to the policeman. and after that, the man who was driving a bicycle,  couldn't get not only her cell phone back, but also  his motorcycle back because it was taken  to police.  . not really.yes.yes. i've seen a high school boy was just crossing the street when the signal was red. and  car was like  running the street. and the boy was just hit by the car in front of me. but that was  the boy's fault because he was just ignored in the signal. and actually, he was o k.  he didn't seem to be that hurt. so  i don't know what happened next because i was in a hurry. but  he looked o k. and  he looked apologizing the driver. so i think nothing really bad happened after that.yeah..o k.i'm going to schoolat night.., usually at night because i'm taking a night class.english.yes.yes. yes. i'm hoping to. someday, i'm hoping to study abroad in the no english speaking country.because  i want to learn one more language.i'm kind of studying spanish right now. so i'm hoping someday i could study in spain.thank you.o k..