good morning.my name is .. how are you? i just woke up i don't feel ,but  fine. i just live near  where's    two hundred meters .yeah. ,very close. i don't have to use any train, in morning rush hours, so very happy with that. before that, i just moved,  here two years ago, because i changed my room.  because of my, kind of exchange  study in australia, so then, i thought, " the place is not really convenient for me, so  maybe i can change . chance to change after the one-year off."., i'm senior now., yeah, i already spend two years here.i already finished it...   finally, i got  yeah, kind of, yeah, job i really wanted to have. the job is  called  manual directorwhich is a kind of director  of organizing the manual booklets and  brochures. so i  wanted to be a writerat beginning, so i  searched for some publishing companies,   and i also started  kind of part-time job at a  publishing company. but, i thought,  "maybe my ideal is bit different from the truth.". so i thought, " i have to find a different way or different field.". then i got the job at ,  is kind of entertainment company.so, maybe i can enjoy the creating entertainment things as well, only writing.. as you know, newspapers  so hard special for girls. like  in a usual job-hunting system, there are three or four interviews before they hire. and like, first step, second step, that's fine, and, you know, i can tell them my experience and also how  success for study or activities, and so on. so, that was, yeah really, actually successful, but the final interview was problem.like they pick first boys, because they need the boys first, i suppose. and then, if they have still some room,they would just hire girls. so, i felt really unfair at that time, so  i was not  emotionally stable. but now,  there are some companies like , like very equal. now, my future co-workers are really equal between male and female, so that's ... may i start?o k.    the time is three o'clock afternoon, and one boy just came into a  electric   no, shop.  and there are some audio sets and video camera, the t v's, telephones,  maybe a kind of  independent  shop. and the owner  talked to the boy, and  he suggested  the watch on a showcase. maybe  i think the boy asked the owner,  where the watches are, and then he indicated the place. and  he is choosing one of them.  look same, but colors are different, so  he is going to choose the color finally. and  actually, he doesn't really want to  buy anything else. he is very concentrate on a watches. and now, also he still have some questions about watches, like waterproof or things like that.?., yeah. sort of.  first,   most time,  starts new products.  first in a world. some people said   is a experiment mouse because  try everything first. so   i mean most of time, they fail to  produce new products, but  like, a few products are really successful, they can earn the money from that. for example, , do you know ?it's a kind of robot.and, robot pet. and  started the product, and everyone else said, " robots are not really, you know, popular. especially,  the shape is like a dog. so, i think the japanese prefer  real dogs to robots dogs.  but  started anyway, and then they got really  great successful story of that. and then, they started selling on the web site. only on a web site, so you can't buy at shop. so, that make it more precious and the, you know, rare.some manias really wanted to have.  but  only sold  first a thousand sets in the world. there's big competing. and then  thought, " so many people really wanna have that.".  so they started, like big  project that. so,  i always think  you know,  is hoping to  have new products, and  also they  have idea of dreams,  so maybe that kind of feeling synchronized with the some people who really believe  is best.... o k.o k.hello. this is . hi. how are you?    sorry about  you know,  party,  i really hoping to go,  to the party you hold tonight, but  actually, i can't, because  , my car's  got accident, and  i can't, you know, move from my home. just i have to stay home because my family's all out tonight. nobody can't take me to your place, so i'm sorry. i was really looking forward to going there..yeah. but,  just i called    fixing company, and  they said they'll come  tonight also, now it's the end of the year, so they have a really, you know, many things to do. so, they only have the time tonight. so otherwise, they can't fix in  you know, this year. so i should wait for that.   no. but,  you know, i don't want to keep you, you know, worried  so maybe this time, i just,  you know, i can't go, but  maybe next time, yeah,  if you have  could you please invite me?and also, you know,  maybe next year,  i'd like to have kind of millennium party and can i ask you to come?. .see you.yes.   drinking  and singing. i like, you know, making fun with other people. that's good question,  recently, i've started, you know, organizing a millennium party, so i said "millennium "so in the topic.    actually,   we visit  kind of club at roppongi.it cost much, but  everyone told me, " it's millennium. it's,  you know, only one time in thousand years.". "yeah, but every day is actually, , only day in thousand year," i said. but, they said, " no. we can pay money.". and specially, i have one-year off  in  i mean, university days, so  most of my friends already graduate from university, so they have money,but they don't have, you know, time. so, if they have like  holidays or weekends, they real want to make funwith lots of money, and  kind of gorgeous party.but, i don't have much money like them. but,  this time, "o k. millennium.. o k. i'll agree with you.". and then, we've started planning the party, maybe club, and then we ask them to cook something special cakes .o k.o k.o k. may i start?o k. one day last week, i  wanted to cook for my friends, but in fridge,  i didn't find any  food.  and  it's not really good because my friends're coming soon, so i decided to go to a supermarket by car. and  then i got there, and  i start shopping. and  some foods are really  cheap and reasonable, so i bought a lot.   but,  that's not so bad, because  they had kind of saling in day so when i paid it  at register. and then,  i was very lucky because i took car with me. that means i bought too much.    if i came on foot, maybe i couldn't carry that much. but,  finally, i got   lot of foods in a car, and  then i went back. and i started cooking, and  my friends coming, so i was very happy because   i'm really good at cooking, so i really wanted to show off.  yeah. very similar to my mother. .i say, "no"  i really like  maybe,  going out for working outside.  you know, recently, some peoples are saying like soho. it's working at home, but still i want to go out and work outside, because, you know, i can  absorb everything   maybe, i can find lots of friends outside, and also like knowledge from friends or bosses,  co-workers. so, that make me really happier and feel, you know, "i'm advancing  day by day.". but, if i just in a home, and waiting for a husband, maybe that's really stressful for me. and, also sometimes, i might make  my husband stressful as well, because  in his mind, always he think, " my wife is waiting for me till late night.". or   if he  comes back, and   like i can't tell him about my story because every day is exactly same, likestart cooking,cleaning, and  that. but, if i go out, like every day is different, i can talk and  you know, can enjoy the conversation with husband, so we both can enjoy the life, i suppose, if i continue working. maybe if i have a baby,i might quit..  actually, that's the last long holiday, so i think  first, i save money.actually, yesterday, i finished my graduation thesis.. and, all i have to do now is  to hand inthe office, and then i start  looking for  some part-time jobs.i already have one. .yes.  . maybe travel around europe or something.thank you very much.