yes. my name is .. yes. sure. i'm working at the japan  three days a week  monday, tuesday, thursday.so wednesday is day-off. just  inputting numbers or something.   i working at retail department.so how many shoes, how many  jackets,  i have to input the numbersto the system. i order the how many shoes, how many jackets.free time? i go to gymto workout  two days a week. and other two days, i  just take rest. i don't go anywhere. yeah. i love watching t v.so i stay at home and watch t v.and i don't think anything.  anything. but i love drama.. i love it. and variety show.i love it. yeah. now, i love the drama  the title is  "".?    i work at japan,and they come to japan and they  shoot the one part.just a little second. so at first i saw the drama, and  when a actor said"i go to .",  " this is it.". yeah, so, this is exciting . i come from . it's a very  city.but  there is the very good old  shopping street.but now  around the stationit's  developed new area. and there is a new big tall building. and this april, the new building will be open. so     more people come to .so it will be change a little.no. i love the quietthe shopping street. but yeah, it will be very change. i don't like it.yes.o k.  in a room, a woman and one cat, one dog are there. and it's nine o'clock p m. and she is going to use the computer. and  maybe i think she is going  netsurf.   the door is open. and now, it's june. the cats and dog are sleeping. she loves to watch they are sleeping.  there is a typewriter and   she stop working because the paper is half-done.  and there is the audio set.  there are many books. she is sitting on a chair.  the room's atomosphere is bright. carpet and wall is bright yellow.  curtain is orange color.yeah.  this room is more brighter than my room.  my room color is  ivoryand brown. so, i don't have this yellow or orange. that's too bright for me. yeah, darker is  more relaxing color. the yellow and orange is much  cheerful. i  stay very calm in the room.so  this color is too much bright for me.o k.yes. i wanna go to hawaii.actually this is my first timeto go to hawaii. but and  there many island there. but i want to go  this islands.so could you  which island best for me?yes.yeah. so  is it possible to go, i wonder all islands?. all.. and     how many days?several? and   i wanna enjoy the  horseback riding.and i wanna go to the top of montain and watch the stars.i heard that the plan  from hotel to   montain topand  we can see the stars.  all plan will be included. is it possible?really?and    i wanna go there alone by myself.and    does it cost extra charge for one person?not really?i sometimes see the booklet or leaflet and it says for  only one personit cost extra charge.really?thank you. so i love to go to hawaii. could you arrange the plan?.o k..yes.impressive?  the first time   i went to the united states when i was twelve years old.so i couldn't speak english at all.but i went to ohio state.and my host family house is in a cornfield.i couldn't see the other houses. so if we wanna go to the next housewe rode a bicyclefor long time. and i found another house. but  it's very culture shock for me.it's completely different between japan and the united states. everything is big.and the tractor. i don't how to say,   tractor for cornfield.the tire is very big. bigger than me.yeah. everything's big.  yes. and food is different.different is quite good. but   i was  homesick.. i miss my family and i couldn't speak english  so  i was homesick very much.  actually i didn't cry before my host family.but  i was very quiet. i couldn't speak. so my host family was very worried about me. and  they send the letter to my family and  how could they handle me.. but  my host family was very kind.and there are two children. so we played together.yeah.yeah.o k. one day last week, a couple was  walking the street. and her name is maya and his name is taro. and  they are chatting but they heard a     cat is it dog  dog's voice. and they found the box. and in the box   one dog was there. and maya pick up the dog and she ask to taro, "can i take this dog to home?". and taro was  thinking about that. but she is eager to  take the dog home. and finally they  took dog to the home. i love dog. but i can't take it home.because i live aloneand i can't take care of the puppy.. maybe the puppy will be very sad and miss me.and anyway i can't take the puppy to   take walkevery day. i can't. .i can't believe it..   they choose take care of them   or they shouldn't buy or get puppy or kiddiesbecause they can't take care of . yes.i wanna go to see the movies.yes. "ocean's eleven".. and "american sweetheart".yeah. . you know the wednesday  we can see the movies at one thousand yen.yeah... thank you very much..