good afternoon.nice to meet you.my name is ..       you can spell  ,  it's  first name and ,  surname. my  business or ? my job is business administration.yeah.  in every month, i analyze my business department's  performance  and i report to my boss and these are   data and so on.. i'm interested in my job so  but sometimes i feel stress,  making error, and i have to report to    european countries and sometimes i join the telephone conference    from  eight p m and  around the time.,  time is difference   between the  countries..  i usually  playing   when  i like to    my stress.  nowadays, i don't have enough time to  play sports, but       so far, last year, i have been playing basketball and skiing and  such as sports.. i live in  city.i lived in  company dormitory.yeah. it's very convenient, but  so far,   in last april, i live in  city.  it's a    same kind of  company dormitory, but   city has a lot of  young people, and i contact with  co-worker to play with co-worker, but  is different from  , yeah. maybe there is a little difference between  these dormitories.i'm from   prefecture.    i was born in  city.yeah, it's western side of ..   this picture shows  dinner situations.  a one man one woman    discuss about some wine, and probably men  tastes  wine, so he will choose  the wine which was served  waiter.   i think waiting  to  served  dinner.  yeah.   i have . everyday.  i   eat dinner  in the outside of the restaurant  .i don't like this kind of restaurant because  these restaurant is very expensive.  and  i cannot feel relaxation in this kind of . i think eating at home is better than eating     outside.  but     my job is busy, so if i   eat dinner in the dormitory, it's very late at night. so i  would be fat. it's not  healthy i think, so i will go to dinner near the company  around seven o'clock. it's difficult question.  in these days, i like a  japanese style's restaurant, it's called  . it's very near  dormitory. it's delicious for me, so i often go to there.yeah.. yeah.yeah.. in japanese? ? yeah..hello,  this is .i'm sorry.   my  parents has been sick and i take care of them so  i'm sorry, i couldn't   join the party. i took them to  hospital, so  they took medication so seem but   to be better, yeah..i'm sorry.  i think i have to      call and i have to inform you  that i cannot join the party but   i forgot to bring  my  mobile phone and i cannot find out  public telephone system.  i go back my hometown to  so i took them to   national hospital.  ? ? ?yeah?. after medication,  they get out  hospital.yes.yeah..yes, i will do.  please invite me the next  party.yeah, thank you. thank you very much.bye bye.yeah.yeah, no, it has not.  sometimes, i feel  stress  because  i cannot drink alcohol, so if i ate party and  i talk with my co-worker and friends,   it's good but   someone make me to drink alcohol,   it's not comfortable for me,   and in the party  i don't know anyone, so if  almost people  was first meeting, not good for me  to join the party. it's a  good. in japan, there is a  party. , i enjoy   it's     kind of these casual party. yes,   end of december, i joined the   party. it was very good, yeah.yeah.yeah, .  there are  two boy and one girl.    they plan to  go to playland in the weekend, but weather is not good. it was  rainy day. so  they decided to go to   movie theater. and so they go to movie theater and she bought  ticket. and after then,     before they  was going to see the movie, they bought a popcorn and cola, and they saw movies.  the movie was very exciting, and      they  interested in that.   the movie is very exciting and they satisfied with seeing the movie. after, they  went back to  each home. i like both,    when  i'd like to see the movie at big screen in the theater,  i go to the movie with some girl   friends.and  i feel exciting  sounds in the theater, but   there is a  situation, if  i like to    watch the movie in silently and .  for example  i like to watch the  suspense and thrilling movie to watch, i rent a video and i watch the video in the room. i like  ed harris.  him? .   he was capital of   "apollo thirteen," yeah, and   his role was chief of nasa station. and  his control is very good,  impressed the situation and his  acting  . and  he was  casted "".  it's not good  role as   "apollo thirteen," but his acting is very nice... in saturday, i have to go to  a english conversation lesson  in nova.yeah. after then,   i'm going to   to submit my report.   now  i'm student    school.  i'm major business administration.. i have been going there  since last april. it's almost one year.yeah.thank you very much.