 .yes, my name is .yes, sure.yeah. fine. and  it is fine today, so i am fine, too.yes. and  a little  humidity in the air. .? ?comfort way?. yeah. it takes about  one hour  from my house.i live in   in .yeah.  first i took a bus and the next,  changed the  line from  station. yes. but   actually road is not busy  this morning. so it's doesn't take much time, really.yes.  . yeah, i'm married with two children, and third and sixth grade in elementary school. yeah. my husband is living  now. yeah.  he works  company at the   branch. and  my father,  i'm sorry, my mother-in-law and  my sister-in-law lives  to the next door. yes. and my own parents live near  my house.  it takes about ten minutes from bicycle.. it's very  convenient to come and go .yes..and   i have been studying english for almost  four years?  yes. i  graduated college and  when i was a college student, i major in japanese literature. yes. i was interested in english also but  finally i  choiced  the japanese literature.i began to study  four years ago.yeah, actually    he manages   transportation, he said. and    he  arranges the  transportation from  to  or  to , because      we lived in   before he  moves to osaka..  that company has a lot of  truck drivers, and  he  arrange the order  the drivers. he  is supposed to   have a new   client in .. yes.yes. yes.  yes. can i start? mr. and mrs. yamamoto and  went to the restaurant  to have dinner. and    when they were engagement, they used to go to  such kind of restaurant  very often, but now  they have the children, so   they can hardly go to the such kind of fine restaurant. and  that night, they could find the baby sitter and  they could come   to the restaurant to have dinner. and  mr. yamamoto ordered the wine for the dinner. and they love  red wine each other. and , this time, he tasted , a glass of wine. and he said, "it's good.".  and  the piano player is playing the beautiful music. and the    the pianist  asked them , "any kind of music i'll play for you."., and  mrs. yamamoto ordered her, and  and "lovers' concerto", because  they love the song and  the song   remind them of their sweet memories...  unfortunately, we  did not celebrate on our  wedding anniversary.  it's   march twenty-ninth, and  he didn't come back to  and  end of march. yes. end of march was very busy  period  in his company. we  usually celebrate our birthday..  birthday is a necessary .yes.yes.  may twenty   it was my husband birthday. and  he said he wants a   new shoes. so, we   went to the department store to buy his shoes. and  after that,  my husband and my children and i  had a chinese dinnerin a restaurant..o k.... . good morning.  i am sorry but  i  have something to  talk to you about. and    i bought    this shirts yesterday,  here. but  actually, it doesn't fit me.  so would you mind changing another  shirts instead?yes. i know. but   yesterday  i came here after taking lunch. yes. and  i had a large portions and  and  maybe my waist  bigger than usual. yeah. and  i know it's against  your policy. but  you know   i come here  very often, and  i'm going to buy  some new clothes    after this  problem. so please consider about that.. thank .  .yeah.  actually     i don't have experience to back  the  items and clothes to the shop and but  in a   telephone shopping.  and i have the experience to get back,  because, yeah,    i examined the catalogue  over and over but  after  receiving the items,  the color    doesn't same i imagine. yeah. so i call back.yes.. yes.  they are agreed with a accept..yes.make a story. ."one day last week" . .yes. .  i am sorry.one day last week,  it was heavy rain. and   they were planning to go on picnic. but  it was heavy rain, so they had to give up their plan.  suddenly,   one of friend and   got an idea. " let's go to the movie theatre to see , the latest movie. "and i  i read the   review. and it's all of the movie  in the newspaper, and it said  it was exciting. and  two of  other friends agreed with the idea. so they went to the theatre to see the movie.  before watching the movie, they bought some popcorns and beverages and coca-cola, . and  fortunately they could sit down. but  there were   a lot of people  in the theatre,  that was a very exciting movie  as the review said. and  it was  airplane   crashing, and   they were worried about the passengers would be and what happen the next. and the   it was really exciting. after the watching the movie, they looked very satisfied. .and  they are very that movie.yes..yeah. i have a lot of things to do, but  recently  i  enjoyed with my canary.  a few weeks ago i bought  a yellow canary. and   it can sing when i play the piano.  so if i want to  to hear its singing,i begin to play the piano. it can start to sing. so, and  do you know that it can sing even with a vacuum cleaner?. yes. i was very much surprised to know that...  not so many things i do  for  him. and  every morning, i change the water and  i add the  its meal, and  change the paper,yes, and   sometimes two or three times  in a week i give him a  lettuce.. he loves lettuce. .him., only male canaries can sing., yes.yes.  i had a plan to have lunch with .  was  my classmate of this  this class. but  i received the message, and she couldn't come today. so  i must go back  home.... yes. me, too.