i'm .i'm from .yeah.no,   all my life.i'm twenty-one.i'm a student. my major is policy studies.yeah. i mainly study the laws or other economics or sociology around the environmental problems .and interesting study, yeah. my hobby is  playing guitar. i've been playing for six years. now i'm playing jazz guitar and some drumming.  i start to play drum, too. and so i also like to listen to jazz music, and go to concert. i  enjoy  every kind of jazz music.but my favorite artist is miles davis. he plays classic jazz to pre-modern jazz. he's very interesting and great musician.  the guitar itself is same. but the codes and the scales are different.yeah. i've been several countries like united states, canada, germany, new zealand, australia,   china, and russia.. i like russia the best.yeah.because  in the cities on russia is not so interesting. but in the suburb, there are beautiful nature and large land. and weather is quite interesting..o k.  this is   one sunday morning, a sunny day. kids are playing in the field. and   dad  try to lose his weight, and do jogging around this town. and because the weather is so good,  dogs are enjoying go outside. and cats always sleeping. and a wifes chatting in the middle of the street. and  i think this old man is reading newspaper. he always read it inside, but today, because it is very sunny day, he enjoy sunlight and reading newspaper outside.yeah. more houses and no  backyards and no trees. and there are a big amusement park so it's not this quiet town. yeah, always noise and screamings since i live next to amusement park.   i'm   surrounded by the noise. so this is peaceful, and  is not peaceful at all.o k..  o k.hi, this is .i'm fine, and you? i wonder if you want to go to movie this weekend.o k. right.   is there any movie that you want to  see right now?o k. there is a good love story movie. so let's go and  see it. and i have a job  in the evening. so i want to see the movie  in the morning. so how about that? around ten o'clock is all right?o k. so  i think i'm going to go by car. and  what do    you plan to? the movie theater is in osaka. so why don't you just come to osaka station, and i'll be there in ten o'clock. is it all right?o k. see you then.yeah,very much. i like  every kind. i  see movies in the weekend all day long.because  we have wow-wow.  and there are always movies. so if i don't have things to do, i watch it.  last night, i watched the movie called "kidnapper".  it was boring movie. but  whole the story. and there is no famous actor in it.  i think it was a french movie. so i couldn't understand what they say at all. and i think it is  mix of romance and action. but  it's not . one day last week,  i went out with my uncle. and     we planned to go out to eat something lunch. and my uncle was a really rich man. so he took me to  expensive restaurant. and since i was really hungry, i ordered many things. and he said, " it's o k to order anything you like.".  i  turn  twenty this year, so i ordered a beer and a fish. and my uncle like to eat chickens. and we ate a lot, and talked a lot. and after eating lunch,   my uncle pays  for the lunch. and  i was full. and we promised to go out someday.   and i  thanked him, and say good-bye to him.no. . i sometimes go out, but because i'm not rich, so i go to fast-food or very cheap restaurant. i can't call it a restaurant.. i don't like fast-food ..so i go to mcdonalds.because it is the cheapest. i like the vietnam meal.and i like   the taste. i went to vietnam restaurant once with my family.it was so delicious.yeah.yeah. they eat mainly meat. and i don't know about every russian, but  where i stayed,  i home stayed in russian family. and they grilled meat every day. and that was so oily,  it was delicious. but not for every day for me.  and they like to drink vodka. they drink in the morning, in the lunch, in the dinner. so yeah, that's it.o k.yeah,i hopefully.yeah.no, i play by myself.but i  have some bass and drums.now i don't have any.pardon?   i play for three years.before that, i played   hard rock in guitar and acoustic guitar, folk songs.yeah.yeah..