my name is . nice to meet you.yes. sure. on friday,  i  don't  any particular plans. so, i usually stay    at home and do some my    homework,  laundry or, yeah,  cleaning  my room, like that..   i do like  cooking.because     it is creative thing, so. yeah.   i sometimes read   cooking book, but usually     i create some, you know,  dishes by myself., yeah.  so, i like cooking. yes.?    no nationality.  usually mixed  japanese, italian, chinese.  not particular but   i always  choose something very good for my  health. that's my most       important factor  when i cook.  i sometimes  swim.   but nowadays, it's so cold. so, i don't want to go to the swimming center.  i like swimming, but the way   i imagine, ".  it must be so cold and i hate to go out". so, i  recently  i stay at home and  only  sometimes stretch.. yes. .. i live with my husband.  .  no child, but .  i live with my husband. yeah. . o k. .   he's always kind to me and,  of course, other people. and  he's very amiable,  person. so,   i'm really always  be happy  with him whenever  i'm with him. yes. it's been  yes, almost  four years since we've married, but he never change   his mind. i think i've changed. yes.  before that,   i was a little bit like  childish, but he taught me lots of things. so, i think i could change .  . o k. .  it like us.  o k. .     this is my birthday. and we went to   very nice restaurant. and  the    maybe sommelier    chose  very  special red wine for us. and  my husband is now tasting the wine,   whether it is good or not. . that is all. sometimes i like, i think this is the western style,  restaurant. .   because  i like  cook by myself. and   i think  if i cook by myself, i can make   much healthier food. and also, of course   it's much cheaper. so,  i like.  sometimes i like this kind of restaurant, but .o k..hello. . this is  speaking.  i joined your   gorgeous  tour,   but in fact  when i  joined the tour, it wasn't gorgeous at all. why?  because  i've heard that   i could stay in  very   excellent hotels like hilton or    like that. but    when i arrived at the hotel, it wasn't  like that. it was  like   only small room and orthodox    decoration   and no separated bath and   shower room, so.   and what else?       no gowns and no slippers  and the reception's attitude towards guest were not so   appropriate like   you know,    good hotels.. no. this is  my first time..     that's because   i  chose your company   and i  asked  you  to  reserve that hotel.  so, i thought that this is the way  to tell you. not direct to them but direct to you   be much better and  much polite. yes. .  .  excuse me. .      i'd like you to give me back some money.  because i couldn't accept appropriate service there.o k.. o k.   about myself?  o k. . we went to hawaii.   oahu and maui island. yeah.. since i visited oahu island before   with my family.    and maui was my first time to visit. so, maui was the most impressive place to me.      unlike busy street  like   waikiki street in oahu,  maui is  very  quiet  and  much more nature. so,  that is   thing i liked.o k.o k. one day last week,  i went to the department store. and  since  the next day was my husband's birthday,   i chose  one very nice necktie for him. and i paid   that fee to the clerk and  i was  on my way to go out from the department store. but at that time,     i saw some       final sale  poster  at the  shoe store. and     i must  nice shoes for me, too.  but     next moment,  i found      better attention. that says fifty percent off. so,   i went into that clothes store and i chose one blouse for me and i bought it.      and also  some nice . and  finally, i went out of the store  with this many  paper bags   filled with  lots of items.. o k.    one  big difference is,   the time they open is so different.  department stores usually  open at ten a.m. in the morning and  usually  they close at  eight or nine   in the evening. but on the other hand  in the small convenient store   sometimes open twenty-four hours. and so,  it's more convenient  for customers. . but on the other hand, department store  have a  variety of goods  from  food to  clothes.   on the other hand,   small convenient store doesn't  sell  clothes or  lots of other items that department store sell.tonight?    tonight  i don't know.  i don't have any  particular  plan. but   this  afternoon,  some of my friends  will visit my house .yeah,  . actually i've not decided . but  i think i'm gonna make some pasta and some  vegetable soup and .yeah..you, too. .