. my name is .nice to meet you. i live in  city..i have lived for ten years. .and i was born in ,  prefecture. do you know?. and i have lived in  for two years, and after, i transferred to , .and   i was  living in   in my  junior high school student.after the graduate,i transferred to .and now, i still live in  city. .yeah.  is nice city. .i like it.mitaka?   is  very close to , which is the very popular place to go shopping.but       is a nice city because     's air is very clean..no. i live with my family..  i have a parents and a brother.. my parents   have get good along with them. and    my father   is fifty something.and my mother is forty something.  my father is  tall and fat.the other hand, my mother is  short and slim. .?i'm .yeah. because  i'm similar to the mother.. my hobby is baseball.i like baseball very much.even in foreign countries,  i would like to know the result of baseball in japan. so i often buy  even in foreign countries.i like giants.do you know japanese baseball camp has started yesterday?.yeah. .  i was so excited because       we can watch the news on t v everyday  japanese baseball.yeah. so i was looking forward    to watching games on t v on april.yeah.  maybe it will win again   as it won last year.two in a row.o k.o k. . may i start?. let me describe the situation of the picture. this is a very nice restaurant.and   the restaurant is very expensive, so the wealthy people are coming. and  there are some people  sitting. there are three tables and now, i will explain the people who is sitting in front of everything. .  as you can easily guess,  they are couple. and maybe, i guess,  this is the anniversary of the  marriage of them. and   the husband looks to be very handsome and tall and slim. he is wearing suits because this is a nice restaurant. on the other hand, the wife looks to be very cute. and she seems to be very happy because  today is an anniversary of marriage..yeah. because  my company  allows us to be casual only on friday.. yeah. it's a good idea.because we can be  refreshed..yeah., no, no. and i don't like tie because  i feel strangled by tieif i  i wear suits.. but on friday,   i don't have to wear tie. this is a very important point for me.  some of them likes it and the others  hate it.?why?because  some of them   is wearing  jeansand the older people hate it because   they doesn't have conception of wearing jeans, in the company.    for  new employee like me,  it's not   ordinary.so i like it.o k.o k. could you help me?  i would like to go to new york stationby train. and i'm looking for the vending machine..really?so how can i do it?  you can sell it. o k.   i need one ticket..     what kind of tickets  can i go to new york?super express, because i would like to get  new york as quickly as possible. .yeah. i have a lot of money. .yes. .?two hundred fifty? could you discount, please?no?? why? really?  could you ask   the government? i'm in a hurry.o k. so i pay two hundred fifty in advance. and could you ask the government?and after the government admits the discount,    could you pay back me? you can't decide it. .. so i pay now..so .. quickly. . thank you.. i'm in a hurry. very much.o k.yes. i have been to sydney . only in sydney.because  i watch olympics. .  i got ticket in japan  six month agobefore the olympics.. and i phoned the companywhich is called ticket pia  and i started to phone  from nine o'clock a m and i finally got the ticket  at four o'clock. i have phoned for about seven hours.it was a hard day for me.. but i was so happy because i could get the ticket. . only for a week.yeah. i had a good time. i watched  naoko takahashi. . yes.... one day last week, it rained a lot.and a couple is walking on the street. so let me  describe the picture. one. they are talking. they looks to be very happy because  the man loves the woman and the woman loves the man. yeah. they loves each other. . so  no problem about rain. and,   yeah, i move on number two.  he hears the voice. but he doesn't know. and number three.    she found the cat, but  the cat  appears to be very tired.  and it looks to be dying and she  picked up the cat.  number four.  she asked him to bring the cat to the hospital. "please, please.". but   he declined the offer. next.  she hugged the cat because  the cat is very cold and is dying. so he was in trouble because  he is not  a good person for the cat. and finally, he decided to go to the hospital to bring the cat. and    one umbrella with her.no.no, i haven't. i hate it.because the voice of cats, i don't like...yeah. maybe i will ignore.. .  i don't feel guilty.because  it doesn't matter for me.yeah.  you think  i'm a bad person.. but   yeah, in fact, i'm a good person.    i always  take an umbrella  with me  but  i sometimes forget my umbrella.   when i  forget umbrella, i buy  new umbrella in a convenience store. . and i use it.   for me, the rain doesn't matter..yeah. but   i often forget on a train.. .yeah, plus-minus zero.about three average..yeah. i'm busy now. maybe in the midnight.. so no lunch and no dinner today.yeah. because i spent  the testfor one hour. .yeah.yeah. not .yeah, i have to be healthy but i'm not .thank you.you, too.