my name is . yes.yes, ? i'm fine, thank you, and how are you? i got up a t six o'clock.yeah, because i make my old son's lunch box. so   i wake up six o'clock.yes.yeah, today's menu is  ..    no. it's so easy  because i usually make lunchbox so  it's  so easy for me.yes.. i live with husband and two sons.  my husband  job is  realtor and old son go to  high school every day and younger son go to elementary school near the house.no, he is very kind so he joins in history club and boxing club so he is  every day.yeah. soyes. my hobby is flower arrangement and playing the piano.   because  when i was young, i play the piano everyday. so my job is pianist and electrone teacher.best point? do . because it's a so confident for me to play the piano and  i like classic very much.. i'm sorry i don't know composer.    classical musician? yeah,  and i like horowitz and ,  and i like conductor of  seiji ozawa. .  last week, i went to opera, conductor of ozawa in tokyo  so it's a very   wonderful  and.yes.yes. yeah. . i see a big clock, the time is seven o'clock. and many couples are   eating dinner and to start dinner   this is   memorial day.  because the sommelier sees him have this champagne and  the man said " it's a nice champagne so i want it".   and   he tasting a wine. and  both champagne and red wine  want . and she likes him  . and some music is  classical music  because she is playing a piano. . i like japanese food but sometimes i go to french restaurant. because there're so many   french restaurants in tokyo is great. so   last week, i went to continental hotel  dining room, so i had lunch with my friend and it's a so delicious and .yes., hello, . how are you? i want to go movies. . last week, i wanted to go movies but i didn't see the movie so i want to go "green mile" with me? how about?. this week and     tomorrow or    i'm sorry,  next day or  this saturday, i'm free.how about you?good. yes, this saturday.    what time do you go to the movie?. . eleven clock i will go to shopping   for my husband, so after then, i will go to shibuya at twelve o'clock, o k?yeah, that's   i'm, so  glad see you.bye bye.yes, ..   i like audrey hepburn very much so i saw many movies,   old movies  i like so much.. "" or "" or  and french old movies for example  "".she's cute and  she looks like so kind and her fashion is so  fashionable.yes.it's o k?one day last week, she went department store to buy necktie for her husband. so   she went to buy necktie    and asked him, "how about this necktie? it's great, i like stripe best". but he said, ".  how about this  dot necktie?". so she wanted this one please so it's present for him. and he "how about the color of ribbon?". and "  red one please" so she bought it. and after, she wanted her clothes. " what floor i  did i go?". "it's a third floor.". so she went third floor to buy her clothes.  perhaps necktie.yes,   i'm sorry,  only he went with me for dinner.but usually i asked him to buy anything  so he  wanted nothing  for me..  and he thinks    he don't hear "i don't like this.". so   he always give me money it's o k  i'm very fun. i like this very much. this afternoon,  i will go to my younger son's cram school. . because he  will  challenge junior high school examination next year. so  now he studies very hard everyday so i will go to his cram school to buy his book and asked his teacher "how about he?".