good morning. sure. my name is .sure. i'm pretty fine, thank you. and you?. in . yeah, just  close to tokyo.yeah.yeah, that's right. my family, i have   father and mother and  , i have a sister, but  she  already got married, and she left our house, and stay with her husband. so now i live  my parents. he is a  business man just like me. and he work in the company.yeah.in this company?    about  or, no, no, no, seven months.. yeah. i'm fresh man.  the job is hard,  but i really enjoy it. yeah. to get early, get a  is  most of the different point.    but i can earn money by myself, and you know,  i can save or using or whatever i do i can. yeah.yeah.  actually you know, the fresh man salary is not so big.   but  i bought some suits or yeah, some wearing.yeah, except friday.  you know, friday is a casual day. we call casual day, and   suit is option. but  except  friday,  we have to wear the suits. yeah.  in my division,       my boss   wearing  suits even on friday. so most of the  my boss is  wearing the suits so i also follow that. so i don't have the casual friday.why.   i have lots of the chance to meet my customers. so the customers usually are wearing the suits. so yeah, that's why. that's right. i like playing    football. yeah. so   i am playing football  yeah every weekend, yeah, especially on  sunday.yeah. that's my hobby. right. to company team.yeah.  what would you like to know? anything? we have a match   every sunday. so sometimes  we practice on saturday, and  have a match  on sunday. so and now a days  lots of the players are very young, and the team condition is not bad, i think. we can playvery well.yeah. that's right.  i think so. i think there is some in the class,  maybe     i think it's university because   the guys are not wearing the uniform. and someone is concentrate on the teacher. but someone is speaking    with friends. and someone is  using a  mobile phone, maybe typing a mail.   that's all. . i think    in the class,  it is  mathematic class. and you know, some students is not interested in mathematics. and  yeah, that's why.yeah.   can't say it's good.but,  in the university, it's natural.  yeah. so    just natural, i think. when i was in university, it's same like this.   it depends on the people. so you know,  this guy is very concentrate on  the class. but  university is very optional so      how can i say,    it's not good  view, but it depends on the people. .yeah. maybe i will shout,  say, "shut up.". . but in this situation, teacher also  to blame because she can't  control this class so it's a problem. i mean that  she also have the responsibility to keep the class  quiet. . right.. you're welcome.yeah. yeah.   i bought some clothes here. and unfortunately,  i don't feel like  wearing this color. so could you change it, or? but   now a days,    some shops change  the some clothes   i bought. so do you have any service like that?  some shop staff  recommend this color. but    when i went home, and  saw it again,      i thought  the color is not suit me so.nice color?  why don't you think so?   but i don't like it so.yeah, that's right. so do you have any service to refund the money?yeah.right. could you ask to  your boss?sure.yeah.    how long does it takes?a couple of hours. o k. i will back here  a couple of hours later. so could you ask him?no..all right. thank you. yes. actually, i had a part time job in  some outdoor clothes shop  when i was in university.  but  it's american company so  usually american company has the service like that. so it's very natural thing. the customer  came to here, and ask me to refund or change size or color.no problem.yeah, sure. . yes.  some items is very cheaper. and i think it's    , less expensive than buying in the shop. yeah, shop means, you know, .yeah.so  i got  contact lens... that's right. it's incredible cheap. i don't know why, but anyway it's cheap so. yes, very popular, i think. the  product  maker is the same so no problem.yeah.right. all right.  .  right.  i'd like to talk about my lucky story.it happened last week.yeah. .  in a morning,   i tried to  get on the train.  and   when i was  waiting  in a platform,  the  next guy suddenly    push me by  his elbow and i had a  bag, and he push   the bag so    yeah, i dropped my bag on the train rail. and    i tried to get it, but  i can't do it because  i don't know when the train  was coming. and at that time,  train was coming, and  the train ran over my bag. and i felt   my bag had already broken. so after train  ran over, my bag is no problem. and rail staff picked it up, and  i got it..  no, no, no. ..accident.  someone is dropped  a bag on the rail. but fortunately, at that time there is no train, and  is hurry up to  pick up. so it's no problem. so   i don't have the experience  exactly like that..  .anything?no, no, no.   i haven't seen it.    you know,  in the crowded train, so   some man is reading newspaper. and people is very close. so this news paper is just in front of me.it's  uncomfortable.you're welcome.yeah.yeah, that's right. i  also have a match on sunday again. and that's all maybe. thank you.thank you very much.