 my name is . yes.  i taught english  at the vocational school i work for. so   i didn't have class at  university, but i did have to teach. yeah, i taught.  i have been teaching english to eighteen or nineteen-year-old students for three years. and before that, yeah, i used to teach english to japanese children for just one year.so yeah. yes. it is very hard  how do i keep balance is just  to   work in the daytime and  take some classes at  university at night.  and then  i'm married, so i have to do   at home.so it's a kind of hard.yeah.o k.  i live with my husband and my parents. so  if     i'm not at home,   my father cooks for my husband,  not my mother. and  yeah,  we don't have any children and we don't have any plan to have a children  in near future.  but we enjoy our life very much. and my husband works for a  japanese government, and   he comes back home around eleven o'clock everyday, so  yeah, he has a  very hard day as  as me.i live in  city,  prefecture.my nearest station is  stationon  line.yes, i have. i lived in  when i was a child for five years..  the only place i moved is ..yes,  i have lots of memory about  living in  because i lived in  from eight year old to thirteen years old.so almost of  my life of elementary school is  in . . . yeah.   you know,    when i asked    by someone about living the life  in ,  it reminds me very wonderful time in my life  with my parents and my sister. yeah.  it was very  yeah, special,  it was totally different from the life in japan. the weather was very different.    is always hot summer weather, so     still now, they don't have any   winter season. so yeah. .    i went to japanese school. and   i could use   japanese in the school, so i didn't have any difficulty learning something or  yeah, being in that situation.yeah..yeah.o k.    there is a woman sitting on a chair. she faces a computer. and   near her,    there are a dog and a cat. the dog is sitting on the floor and   the cat is  lying on the bed. and  she talks to the cat probably. and   in her room,   there are some books  on the shelf, and  there is also a telephone on the shelf.  near the computer, there is a typewriter. it is red.  the red typewriter is  near the computer.   and there are some speakers in the  cassette tape recorder or something, yeah, on the  book shelf. and on the wall, there is a clock. it says it's eight o'clock now. then    o k,    o k, and she is wearing  a green sweater and a blue skirt. i don't think   she wears some socks.  .yes, i have. when i use  my computer, i usually use  word processor software. it is called word.    using a soft, word, i sometimes make some documents or some,  teaching materials my students.yeah.  i sometimes write some letters to my friends.yeah.yes and  yeah, as well as snail mail.yeah.happier.  you know, in my opinion, using computer is very   convenient because when we want to write a letter,  like sending a e-mail or sending a greeting card    we can write a letter or  a message quickly without any paper or a pen. and we don't have to send  the envelope.   we don't have to   put a envelope in the post box.and so it is very convenient and then  my friends or  other people who   gets my e-mail or letter, greeting cards quickly. so  i often send many messages to many friends. so probably my  relationship  with my friends are   yeah, getting broadened..o k. all right.o k.o k.hello. i bought    this sweater.but when i went back   to my  house and i tried on that sweater,  i don't like the color. so may i ask you to change  this one to  another color? really?      o k. when i  came to this shop to buy this sweater,  i asked another clerk to find    the red one,but   yeah, she said    she didn't have a red sweater at that time.so i didn't have any choice   to buy a red sweater. so that's why i bought a yellow sweater, this one.   but i can find a red sweater over there on the shelf, so may i check the size of that sweater? if it says m,   i think i have a right to get that one because  i wanted to buy a red sweater at first. really?  but   i tried it just once so i didn't make it dirty.  and   the sign of the red sweater says  five thousand yen and i bought this one    in six thousand yen.so i'm o k   if you give me a red sweater with  no extra money.  i mean  i'm o k if you don't get me one thousand yen and a red sweater if you get me a .  i beg your pardon? .. o k. that's o k if i can get a red one. . yes.  when i go shopping, i usually go with  my sister.she lives in  city but when i   go to my sister's house by car, it only takes ten minutes, so  i sometimes pick her up at her house and go to  a  department store  located   in . yes.o k.o k. .o k. so shall i start?o k. one day last week,  ken made a phone call to his girlfriend, yumi.  he asked yumi to go to a zoo  on weekend. and she said, "o k.". so     ken went to  pick yumi up at her house, and they went to a zoo  near, o k,  university.   and at the  of  lions, they found a biggest lion just in front of them. and the lion  in front of them   seems to be smile to  them. so  they're very happy to see it and talk about it  yeah, and then  yumi said she wanted to see monkeys. so  ken took her to the  of monkeys.    and they found  a monkey on the branch of the tree. and that monkey   was eating a banana. yeah. his face is very similar to ken's father's face. so     ken said to  yumi   he wanted to tell the faces monkey   to his father when he goes back to home. so they had a really wonderful day in the zoo. but   it is still  in the afternoon, so  they had some time to go another place. so ken invited yumi to go to a coffee shop. so they went there and had a good time there... yeah,   i saw some couples  sitting on a bench, and      they look very happy  chatting  with each other, seeing each other. but  compared with other campus or other universities, the number of couples are very few..   yeah,  o k,    wait a minute,  during last week, i saw probably ten or twenty couples  at  campus. but    when i went to another universitiy like keio or seijo, the number of the couples are more than  the   one in . yeah. . yeah.most of the people   sit on a bench with the same sex., yeah, they just get together in a group...this afternoon.  from six o'clock, i have two classes.until nine o'clock. thank you.