. my name is .yes. ..  not bad.i live in , you know? .. o k.  near my home,  there is a . yes.  . there is  famous school of sports. they have a strong club of rugby and soccer or something like that. so,   i think there is a little bit country so    we don't have  a lot of special thing there. so, that's all.yes..    i can't cook not  at all. so,  i can eats anything i want because my mother cooks very good. and so,   i don't have to be lonely with my family. so, it is good i think. .  i'm busy now because  i'm in recruit activity. so,  i don't have a lot of free time, but i'd like to go to  shopping in my free time..    i would go to daikanyama or shibuya or something like that.because there is very clean and fashionable    but expensive i think. but i like.yes..  i think important point is     logical thinking and a character and maybe black hair. have black hair. but i'd like to work in  mass communication company because  i like tv program, and  i don't like  closed space because anytime  i'd like to communicate with a lot of people, so i'd like to go to mass .describe?. there is seven o'clock. and  they have a party and a young man and women is  sitting at table and sommelier is  bringing a kind of wine. and the man   is tasting it. . the pianist is playing piano.  and  there is  some a couple, and   the man is trying to choose a wine. and  some  people is eating dinner  and the waiter is  saving  dishes.  that's all. i usually go to family restaurant.. i like saizeria because foods is very cheap  and taste good.yes.   i think that's was on  may of this year  because of anniversary of marriage of my parents. so,  we went to   hotel new otani, it's restaurant. i think that was my last time.good..i think the difference is     the hotel's restaurant is a very formal, so we have to go to   there with formal suits or dresses, but the family restaurant is a very casual, so we can go there with   rough clothes, so and  the mood of   shop is very difference from family restaurant to  hotel's restaurant i think. o k.o k.i'd like to go to new york, and   what should i do to go there?i'd like to buy a ticket    as soon as quick to go to new york.five minutes?o k. . do you have any kind of express?fifteen minutes? and which train is a fastest to  arrive at new york?o k. i'd like to buy express one.o k. ?o k. i will take it.o k. thank you.how can i get to train?ten?o k. thank you.yes.. i've went to  america  some times.this summer, i went to  l a because  i went there to study english. and  i bought a tickets, but i couldn't speak  english very well, so  it was very difficult for me.. when i was  u s a on eleventh  september yes so the terrorist was happening in new york, so at that time, i was in l a but very very difficult time i think.o k.  one day last week,  mother looked at a refrigerator, but there was nothing in there. so,  mother   supposed to go  super market. .  she went to there by car. and then,  she choose  some foods and buy it by cash. she bought a lot of merchandize   including meat and bread or some vegetables. and then, she was  bringing  a foods into a car. and after  she arrived at  her home, she could cook     scramble egg.  ..i would go to family restaurant. . yes.  if i have  opportunity to studying cooking,  i'd like to study, but maybe i think i don't have a  any talent of cooking, so maybe i can't cook..   i have to go to a part time job in shinjuku, so    after lunch, i have to go.thank you.o k.