yeah. my name is .yeah.  please call me  it is easy.yeah.  me, too.  i'm living in  which is near . it takes ten minutes by train from .my neighborhood?yeah,  my neighborhood,  it's  but i can walk to  also  and .so i always walk to  and go to cafe andsometimes   do reading in a cafe.yeah. it's very nice live, i think.. my favorite town?.  yeah, i think  is my favorite because  firstly, town is very beautiful. the buildings and walls. and also the people is very interesting. like, you know, a little bit different from the people in  or .  i mean  their fashion is.yeah.  it is difficult to explain but  their fashion is very advancedand  the color is very strong.so yeah, it is very fun toonly see them.yeah.yeah.  i like taking photos. recently, i made homepagefor my photos.so i sometime go to   a lot of  places and then take photos and upload the photos to  my homepage. last summer, i went to .and at , i  go to the   which is . it is a very short course for   studying taking photography. and i did that course. and then, i start  taking photos very interesting.before that, i've never  doing that. one is the technique because we have to   pay attention to the light. it is a little bit different from  seeing with your eyes. you know, it's a different. and so you have to  be aware of that differences.and we have to image  how the photography  developed. and then, we have to shoot.so that imagination is the most difficult thing, i think.yeah. here is a room. and there is one woman and there is one dog and one cat. and one woman is sitting in a chair and she is pointing the computers.  the dog is, i think, sleeping on the floor and the cat is sleeping on a bed. and the door is half-opened. and in the room there's  audio, and computers,  desk and word processor, i think.  yeah, that's all..how open? what do you mean by how?process?  firstly, i have to, of course, make the contents.so i made contents by  special applicationwhich is  for making homepages.and i made the contents.like, you know, it's like  writing  your report by   word or something like that.it's very near to that. and then, i have to  get my address. so i call my provider. and i get my  provider.and then, i upload my contents to my address by   again special  software.yes.  my room is  very similar to this room because i have computer  in my room. but my computer is  notebook.so that's the big difference.and i have also audio and bed. but  in my room, there is no animals because now,  there is no animal in my house.so that's second differences.   also i have a window and clock. so it's very similar .. o k.. i have reserved my seat on a train.but   i was late.and i missed the train. so i want exchange  this  ticket to another one. possible to do this?  but how can i do with   this ticket?really? but  i didn't use it. so i think i could get   the enough money for the ticket, isn't it?. so how about discounting the new ticket? is it possible ?. yeah,  i have a  reason  that is my  train, i mean that i come here by train and that train was  delayed.so that is the reason,  isn't it? . no, because it was because of the accident.yeah. really? but  i really  have an accident and i was   late for that. so  o k. . . yeah.please.yes. yeah. there are subway  but  that time, i didn't get on the subway.but i went to  also in last  winter.and that time, i get on the subway.and  i've heard that the  subway is very dangerousand it's very dirty.but it was a little bit differentfrom what i heard. yes, it is true that   the train was dirty there was some  graffiti on the walls.but it's not   dangerous at all, .so we could  get on even in night subway. yeah.no. with my father.yeah...o k.  this story is about  in the last week.  on the road, there was  a couple walking  and it was raining that day. and suddenly, the man  heard  some voice. and     it was the   voice from the cat.and so he look around and found the cat in the box. and then,  a woman  wants to  bring back home the cat. but a man said, "no, we can't do it". but  a woman really wants to  bring the cat back. so  she   the boyfriend. and then, they  get the  cat back to hometogether.yeah. i had two cats  ..because  my family love cats. not dogs. . because  you know,   cats   don't have so much royalty to their owner.and i think it's very cute. and also my family thinks that. yeah.  one of my cats  is    very smart.  it is she.  she can open the door by herself. it's not the door like  the balls of the door but it is like this one.so she get on the tableand then she jumped to the   handle of the door. then she  touch the handle, then she can open it.and so    we make the key which is like this one  to the door. but she can  even open  this key because she punch  from the,you know, beneath. and she unlock it. and then she can open door.yeah. and so this is my most interesting memory.  i think  we can feel that when  we go back home alone,  because   if there is no family in a home,you  would feel a little bit loneliness. but if there is    some  life  in the house, you can feel a little bit warm. and you can talk with the cats. so, that is the best advantage to    pets..o k. i have to go to the dentist, because  i've just  take my,  i forgot the word of the teeth but, one of the teeth yesterday.so i have to go to the  dentist and let him see it. it's in yoyogi-uehara. it's very near .yeah.yes. . yeah. i'm gonna graduate  next april. i'm gonna work   full-time job and i'm gonna work for  which is computer company.yeah. but i heard that the   work is very very busy.so maybe i lose my private life the job....