my name is .yes, o k.fine. but,  teeth. last week,  i  took off teeth.it's so,   painful. my hobby is playing tennis and playing the piano.yes.everyday. junior high school and high school,  i went to music school and i major piano. i play classical music. especially i like bach.. i major in japanese literature.   my thesis is tezuka osamu.i like him.. it's difficult.      so,  i think cartoon is not only for child, but also, we,  older, adult. and,  of course, there are many cartoon for very childish. but,  cartoon of tezuka osamu is   we child and adult enjoy his story. .  today, it's sunny. and, many people is outside. and,  on the road, two woman are talking. and,  on the ground, two child are playing ball. and,   a man are doing marathon and a girl  is  doing exercise.and, on the ground, there are a car,  and  top of the car, a cat is sleeping.yes... it's clean and,     a house has big garden.yes, .    my house  was located    on the street. the street was busy and  noisy. i don't like that. . i want to live ,    not many cars. . so, i bought this. but    i don't like it. so, i want to exchange,  other products, return money.pardon? .  .yes, exchange.item?. yes. that is broken.    bottom of pot.  i didn't find when i bought it.. .in japan? yes.. can you tell me?. many cases. for example, clothes.   so, i think five or ten years ago,we can't put on clothes, especially, shirt or sweater. skirt or   we could. but  we couldn't  try.so, when  i bought it and i go back home and i try. it's small.and i want to change  largershirts or sweater. ..  one day last week,  elmer  went to department store.and  she want to buy a tie for   her husband for happy   his birthday. and she selected tie and she bought it. and   when she   start to go back home,   she found that, in this department store.  today,  this department store  do  final sale.thirteen percent off. and she  look around this department and she chose many   clothes and she buy many things and she  went back to home.yes..  o k.    so,   my friend want to be a lawyer, and she has studied very hard. and    usually      he has problem about neck or shoulder and i think,    he has studied very hard.    i'm sorry, and he said,  he can't sleep very well because he had problem about neck. so, i present him,   cushion for head.  so, it's expensive because,    it is very good cushion. , i present him for his birthday.    i meet my friend and go cafe.thank you.