my name is .or . just .yeah. very nervous  as . i'm very nervous. not so busy.   i have changed my job   after i  came back japan. because   i didn't have to have anything  because i wasn't here. so now i don't have  anything to do .new job.  . so before i went to the united states,  i go to see my client or insurance company, but now  i have to make   some new business model about insurance or guarantee or something. so that's my new job so.nothing. actually, i've never studied about this kind of   new business model, but  i don't know why i was chosen   the position  but my boss and my co-worker suggested   to my big boss to do this kind of job. i don't know why. . sorry? actually,  before i went to the united states, i didn't have any time to do something except for job, but now i have time, so i want to go some musicals or some performance  because   i had never been to such kind of shows and musicals or plays before i went to the united states. but while i was in new york, after i left from indianapolis when i went to new york to see my co-worker and my clients, and then i saw some broadway musical and, do you know stump?  make noise by newspapers or beep  plastic bag or something, that kind of show. i saw that and i'm just interested in  this kind of performances now, so i wanna go some performance or plays or something  even in tokyo.so do you know stump? . .yeah. stump is  kind of music but  this music was made by just noise like   clap your hands or coughing or something or  scratching   some bottles or everything. so the music  that was made by noise.  it's very impressive,  very exciting ..o k.o k.   this is a classroom and  i think it's a mathematics class. and it is summer because almost all students  wears short-sleeved shirt. and the teacher is woman and wearing  glasses. and half of them, no, just two student are very  hard to study about  mathematics or something. but almost all students are not so eager to study. because some of them having chewing gum, and some of them chatting and some of them   doesn't hear what teacher says and listen to the music and drinking something. so it's not good class, i think.  totally bad. terrible class. because  my class has about almost ten students, and half of them are from saudi arabia. and they are not so eager to study, because they have a lot of money, so they came here to  just play.    just consume. so they are not so eager to study so almost all saudi arabian, chatting each other in the class or  they didn't hear anything what teacher says  actually they hear some music or something. so i don't like the class. .of course,   teacher  tried to stop what they did, chatting or listening to music or something. but it didn't work. i don't know why but   they didn't their attitude. .o k...o k.yeah. .o k. just a minutes. i have to  make a reason.   o k..  this is .  i'm very sorry but i have to say  i can't go to the dinner party. i'm sorry today because  i try to go to your home  by my car but my car doesn't work now. i don't know why but     i haven't droven my car because i was  in the united states. so i don't know why but someone may  did something. i don't know but now i can't go. and now it's too late to go to your home by train and i don't know how to go by bus or something. so i'm very sorry but i can't. taxi. yeah. if i had a lot of  i would go. but i don't have enough money to go by taxi.no.   i mean  i don't have money just now. so if i can withdraw the money from the bank, i can go, but i don't have the cash. and i think  some taxis    can't pay by credit card or something. . . . .? ? . .  o k. .  i'll try, but  i just say i'm afraid i can't. ..      yeah,   but i'm afraid   he or she will be late if  he start to come to   from now. so i'm afraid   some of them   will be troubled because of me. so please   invite me again  when you have the party next time.  i don't mean i won't go, i don't want to go but  i have some trouble. i'm very sorry but  please invite me again if you have a party next time. is it o k?. the states. so i went to indianapolis to study first and after the curriculum of english school,  i moved to chicago and new york on business. and i have lecture in chicago and   after the lecture i went to new york. and new york was a kind of exciting city, and indianapolis, not exciting city. so new york is very   interesting city for me, because it's  similar to tokyo. so i can go everywhere to see some musical, i go to drink or something. so actually, i hadn't  drunk  in indianapolis because  i had to drive every time. so new york was kind of exciting city, so.    actually, i lost my weight in united states because    food. so in new york, i have a lot of japanese food. but in indianapolis, it's not so common, so   i found some of them but  it's not so good for me. o k..o k...o k.  one day last week, my sister went to the .  she said  she didn't have any purpose to go to , but    just on the way, she went to . then she found some tie   and she remembered   my father  would have his birthday   next month. so first, she  had that tie. and after that she paid  the money by cash and  on the way to leave from the department store, she found  some bargain sale of shoes.  and then   she bought shoes   and then she found another bargain of some shirt. and it looks very  attractive for her.  and she bought shirt and shoes  and tie. and then she spent a lot of money. more money than  she had planned.thanks.  business suit.yes, because  actually, i brought  just one pair of business suit to united states, but as i said,  i had to be more two weeks after i finish my school, so   i wanted to have some two or three business suit, so i bought one business suit. that was a most expensive one i think, or yeah.  sorry?service? .  yeah. almost same as japan. .  but  almost all suit are a little bit more expensive than japan, i think. little bit expensive. so  i found how much i have to pay now, because i paid by credit card, but it was too expensive for me. i didn't know that  this..yeah. of course.yeah. i'll go to osaka,    my previous boss in osaka will retire   end of may, so we have  kind of farewell party in osaka. so i have to go there tonight.and after that, i go to kyushu on business. so  busy, but next week i'll be busy.   i don't know but i feel so. thank you very much.