my name is .i'm from , here  . in ..   sorry,   i was born in  prefecture.in kanto. i don't remember very well because i left there  when i was seven years old. but i remember that the place very calm town.and there was a factory of my father's company.  and  in winter always it's  snowvery much.very cold winter than . how do i like.   i like very much. it's a very enjoyable city.  walking down street  shopping,  eating . it's very special for me.free time. when i don't have any     promise,  i sleep at home..or watching t v.i don't study  at all.  yesterday i went to tea ceremony.i take tea ceremony once a week.and yesterday  we had a  tea ceremony which is held once a month very near from  . there is a hotel,  hotel, and  i am a member of the tea ceremony. so when i have time i go there to .describe. there is a girl who   in her room. there is a computer and type writer.  she is watching a corner of her room  sitting the chair.  she is wearing green  sweater and blue skirt. the skirt is very short and i can see her legs. there is a cat on her bed. she is sleeping.  the color of the bed cover is green which is very similar to her sweater.  there is a dog also. he is brown and he has big ear.  but i can't see the space because he's looking for the opposite side from me.  and on her desk there is a computer but she  isn't operating the computer at this moment.  the door of her room is opened. and there is a stereo  and telephone which is green also.  there is a calendar on the wall. it's june now,  and nine o'clock a.m..advantage.   they can correct  when we want to . it's easy to correct   my description. yes. the data is always  memorized and we can see it when we need it.in japanese?just read..yes. i bought this skirt this morning but  i don't like this.  i want to change this skirt. is it possible?  when i bought this, i tried it and i liked it. but i wore at home once again. i think this is not fit to me. so  if it's possible  i would like you to   permit me to change this skirt. no. it is good for me. but  the color    isn't very good for me.i want to  red one.   then what color do you have? purple.. purple. purple is good.. may i try it?yes, i do.thank you very much. yes, purple is better. so  may i change? yes. .thank you very much.i do. furniture. furniture. closet. it has three doors  very tall one.  very big.  i needed it because there is a  walk-in closet in my room. but   there were  many things of my father's, mother's and my family. and there is no space for me. and my things were outside of the closet. everything were in my room. not in closet, but in my room. so my room looked   very dirty. unorder. i hated it. and i bought closet and put it in my father's room. and i moved  things, their room, i got space in my room, became better... one day last week, i  went to  on the way to my office  in the morning, eight o'clock. it was crowded very very much. and when i was waiting a train on the platform, i   my bag      fell the  train way outside the  platform.    a man next to me was talking to the other man with gesture was so big and with  his hand,    he push me suddenly and   my bag fell down. .  and  i complain to the man but he couldn't do anything . and  finally train came and  the train run over the bag.     when the train  went, the bag was there, and   i asked to      the man of the station to pick the bag up. and the bag return to me. today? i go home and i have to do flower arrangement.i had a lesson in other room at  on every monday. i had done it today.before this lesson. .