hello. my name is .. i live in . i live in . do you know ??do you know ""? very famous japanese singer,  takashi hosokawasing a song,"".  from my ,i go to station. the station name is ,and from  to ,it takes, so,  about one hour by train.today?. . every day.yeah. because  at sunday, i will come to , and i meet friendsmany time.yes.yeah.    i belong to the dance and  drama circle.the name is ., .. last year,    i was dancing and  play drama, but now,  i'm staff.i help many dancers.  so,  i help many members   for stage.yes. i like travel and snow boarding..yeah. i will go to niigata and nagano for snow boarding. three or four times one winter..   now  i'm going to driving license school,and i will get driving license maybe    one month after. so,    i will go to nagano or niigata by car.it is very very dangerous.yeah.   it's a very very sunny days. and,   there is a many people.  children play ball game, and  old man read newspaper sitting on a  brown chairs. and  cat is sleeping on the car.   so    younger lady and older lady are talking.  and,       small girl  is playing   on the garden.  and dogs are maybe talking, but .   picture is very very fine. and     there is a big house, maybe  some people is family,  and  they live in this house. . and,  there are many many green. yeah.yes.yeah. .    so   near my house, there are much greens,  and very silentbecause   there is a few car and few house..   so,  it is very very   silent city...yeah.yeah.  i want to go to new york by train.i want to ticket  for new york. please tell me       about  from this place to new york.      sorry, i want to go to new york so i want to ticket for new york, and please tell me  how much is it.yeah. please tell me three kind of train.local train? so,  i have not much money, i want to go to local train. how much is it?twenty dollars?o k.  i .lucky. .really?.    so now,    i want to go to new york at six o'clock.what train is best?yeah. i want to.yeah. o k. you very much..thank you.yeah..o k.  "i"?yeah..  last week,  i went to department for buying a present for my husband, because     two week later,    my husband birthday, so i went to department.    i want to buy a good things,   and i think, "what is good?". i think   tie is good, so i went to tie shop.  and   i talk with  seller.    i choose  green tie,   and i say  " i want to see this green tie.".  the  seller say, "it is good.    maybe,  many people  bought    this color.".   i see this tie. i think it will match my husband.   and then, i said seller, "i want to this tie. how much is it?". the seller say,  " it's  thirty hundred yen.". i think it is very very cheap. i want to it. so, i bought it. but,  today,    i have   seventy hundred yen, so  now  i haved    forty hundred yen, so i want to another thing. then,   i thought,  "what is good?".    i thought the  wallet is good. so i asked seller  where the wallets was   selled. the seller say,  "  go upstair.". then,  i went to upstair.yeah. now, i have no plan. very sad.. i don't know,   so, my parents will go to restaurantand eat dinner,  maybe. i have a much money. but i want to present something..yeah.  i will go to  campus,and i will study about economics.yes, i like.you're welcome. .