my name is .nice to meet you, too.yeah, a little bit  this morning, but i'm fine today.at the office? so my case is very different from others'. i'm working with home office in osaka.so, the morning   while taking a breakfast, i see the e-mail that  come to me.so  i'm doing the two things at the same time in the morning. yes.yes.so, in osaka, we don't have a office. i'm working at my own  home office, so two guys are working in osaka.  working in a home office.yes. so the people quite different. so this is  only the office.  so i can't compare anyway. so i can manage my time. so      i do need to use my time   for going to the office.  i can save the time..usually, took one hour from my home to the osaka office, but i can save the time for .yes. yeah, respect, yes, good. yeah.yeah. the other thing is that  it's very difficult to control.  so, for example, summer vacation,  so children are aroundmy office asking something while i'm working. so i'd like to concentrate on business, but  sometime they disturb.yes.yes.yes, i have  two boys.  one is the  first year of the high school and the other is the second year of the junior high.they both  play tennis. they are very good at, so i'm very proud of them.yes.   so, in summer, all weekend,  they go out for the playing tennis sometime for the  tournament. so we enjoy, we mean,  i and my wife, enjoy watching  they playing.yes.  last summer?  so, during   season, i went to my hometown, kanazawa, spend my family together, yes. at  time, my brother,  he is working in the california, the united states, visited us. so we  together talked a lot about   business in the united states.  we could exchange there some information.yes.  there are several people. they are playing outside  on the   snow slope. so  kids are playing  with  snowballs,  and   two people enjoying talking inside of the cottage.  and,   here, this must be a   ski school.so, one, two, three, four, five   people are learning how to play ski.  and  so for the lift, there're no  passengers on it.my winter vacation? . so my hometown is kanazawa. we have a lot of snow in winter season. usually, for winter season, we  spend our time inside of the house.  so  i can ski, but   i really enjoy reading book during winter time. yes.yes. .  i  watched the event.   so shimizu   is one of my favorite.  and   it's very  explain that. anyway, so the event was held  at night, so  i couldn't see on life.  so i just  watched the event of digest news, we just saw  the record, how they won. that's all. so i couldn't really enjoy the life.i saw last time he won the gold medal.that's why. i expected to get the  gold medal game. but, yeah, he won the silver. but it's o k.  it's o k.yeah.o k. the stage three..o k.hi. so this shirt that i bought yesterday,   it seem to be a little bit   too small for me. so,  would you change it  to little bigger?    so it's not used. it's still new. and  envelope and everything is  .yes.yeah. . but   we found a bigger one, so we can make exchange. so it's ... so,  can you talk with your manager?sure?  .  o k. what shall i do?  so i can buy another one.  so,   please exchange this one, and  i bought another new one.yes.yes, i was working in  africa.at the time, i was a volunteer teacher.yeah. i was teaching science, mathematics at a secondary school in kenya.yes. so  it's a curiosity that  i wanted to work outside japan. so i found    the job,  yes.  so we take three months training  to get used to live in such a developing country because tropical disease.  so  we know how to manage that    environment, circumstances, i mean.  and,  sometimes,  local languages i  had to learn. so that's why it took three years and a half month,  yes. anyways,  the life was very nice. people were very kind.   the teaching itself  was  very tough.yes, exactly..o k.o k. one day morning last week,    i'm on my way to the office, so it's just near to the station. it's the first picture. so,   on    the platform, so  i dropped my suitcase because  the man next to me,   no, hit my elbow with his elbow. so i suddenly dropped my   briefcase on the rail.  so  i was   scold him about that  things. but,  no way. so, suddenly, the train  came into the station, but  briefcase  was not hit. so, finally, so,    what do you say, people in the station took my suitcase and i could get it.transportation system? so only the train available is from nairobi to mombassa. that's the only line. so it's a   very old train, but we can see  the   great britain's  old era, i mean the old days. so, inside of the train has a little bit,  how do you say, continental or  yeah, colonial  mood.   but it's only two trains  at evening,  so five o'clock, no, four o'clock  and five o'clock.    two trains.  and  we can enjoy   the scene  where the sun is sitting down.   some  wild animals  we can see. it was very fun. fantastic, yes.yeah.  the contract is only for two years.that's why.  because the contract was finished, so  i had to come back.yeah, after that, i worked in algeria   another african country, so i worked there for one year. it was quite different, but still africa.pardon?yes, i'm going  back to work and make some report for  , yes.thank you.thank you very much.