. my name is .yes.this  afternoon,   i'm so busy because  i must go to the   our customer,  the same customer two times. so  back   our office, and again, went and back. so so hard for me in  like muggy weather..yeah. a little bit. but after that i went to a starbucks and a cold  "" a cup of "flappecino". so after that, i revived. so now, i'm not tired. job?   o k,  i'm working in a trading company. my division is  food and . so we import   barley, wheatand  the other domestic  product is   like  or frozen foodor like that. and then i support with  men's work, so making documents or  sometimes reporting,  hand-in  papers or visiting the customers but  just hand-in or like that. most difficult thing?  maybe,  sometimes,   our customer claimed about a product, so     sometimes i will  get  easily  angry.  i made myself to  calm down.   i made myself to  explain yeah, . stress.   yeah, so  maybe a few times week, i went to a sports club.  sometimes swimming and sometimes  aerobics. sometimes just sauna.so  it is a stress out for me.. yes.   maybe when i was a  college student, i went to  england for  about a month.just homestay. in the  morning, i went to a english school and in the afternoon, just playing around and walking around or chatting with  a lot of friends.like that.       for a short trip, i have been to   florida san francisco,  l a australia, east coastand saipan. that's all.yeah.. yes.o k.   o k, it is a good weather. and so,  it is  comfortable to play or  outside is so great.  two people,  maybe     neighborhood's wife and wife are  talking about  maybe  their own houses or their childrensand maybe   a woman has a dog, so   she is talking about her own dog.and   one of  girl was playing outside. and she is    rope jumping playing by herself. and  two dogs are like almost fightingmaybe.and  two boys are playing  volleyballs. a man  is jogging.and  old gentleman  is reading a newspaper outsideon a bench.thank you.yes...in the picture? o k.  .  it was almost  same, i think.      near the house i lived is a  big park. so  i often played a lot  outside. in a park, i played a   like almost volleyball with my  friends or sometimes     i did  karate practicing karate on the park outside by myself. and    not a lot of but some  boys  these pictures, two boys like   they were watching me,  just  curious.   so i taught them karate.  they were  imitating me exercise. karate? o k.       my hometown is   .so  i came to  after high school student to go to college. so i wanted to  be strong inside and outside, so physical  and mental.so  one of the reason i chose the karateand i wanted to be strong.and because i must  liveby myself thing. .but in a sports club i went, sometimes i  join    like boxing exercise to karate exercise..thank you.. yes.. i reserved    my seat.but i couldn't catch my train.so      could you please      pay me back my seat exchange another seat ?refunds is no?   but  please i  the first time to  come here,   i tried to catch my train but  before i came herethe train was  a little bit behind the  time.so i couldn't catch this train. could you please  refund? yeah.   i couldn't catch my train but  it was not my fault because   before the train was  behind time so it's not my fault.i left my house  earlier, i think . i have this. .. thank you. thank you so much. you can't.   maybe   so    can i changethe train   not reserved seat, free seat? so   can i take a train with this ticket?..o k.thank you.thank you.. the place?  you mean  not only england? just?. yeah.  o k.   o k, i got one.  in  key west in florida.key west,  i joined   australia  and floridai joined   contiki tour. do you know contiki? contiki tour is   the people from  eighteen to thirty five from the various countries  came and  joined one after another, and we travel with them. and    in florida tour, i was a only  japanese, ,yeah,the others are   half africans, half  australia like that.so    they could talk  english smoothly and   like   they were young and they're very socializing.but  i couldn't speak  english so well.  so  i was lonely.like that. communicate with them but in key west,  we went to    karaoke club and      i was singing a song.maybe three songs or so. mariah or.so when i  was singing, they were   surprised at me because   i couldn't talkso much so well. but they were surprised  to look  my singing.and actually i was   good at  singing.so    i was proud of singing . and  maybe  they  .so i could join them and had a good time rest of the time.thank you..all right.yes. . o k.  one day last week,   a boy and a girl was  walking   in a rain. and     he heard    some sound like  sound of dog or like that. but she said   she couldn't  hear the sound.   but   at last, they found a   dog in a box  near the   electrical bar like that. and   like  it was puppy. so     they came to like  the puppy so much. and    she wanted to  take it back to her house. but  he was wondering   if they could  their home back or  not. but he gave in at last. and    she hugged a  kitten,  no, puppy. and at last, they could   bring the  puppy.thank you..after this interview?  maybe     i will walk to the .and  like taking a walk or  like  some    window shopping or like that but if it's not  rain. because it looked   almost rain here. it's dark and  cloudy so maybe if not raini will, yeah, go to . no,   now not so muggy like  a little bit cooler. to walk..thank you.. thank you. you, too.