yes, my name is .yes.nice to meet you.yes. i'm fine. i'm of course . and  . yeah.    i live in  company's dormitory.yeah.sorry?dormitory?    the dormitory has   seven story building.yeah. and    there are  one hundreds or so people living there.    all of them     are single. . and     we can have  breakfast and dinner there.  not so bad. but  i will   leave the dormitory because  i will get married. thank you very much.yeah.. april..yeah.  yeah, i feel very good.yeah. my girlfriend.   you know   i went to england.  and i came back    before  sorry  before a week. and so  she did  almost  for our marriage.  so  she decide  our new houseand she sent  our  invitation letters of our wedding.so she did very well. .   now she work in another company but    she will stop   her job.  . and for a while     she  will be   household wife. yeah. .   how can i say     she and i  have  the same hobby.   it is  playing volleyball.so  we can  volleyball together. . for us. .yes.   i'm a structural engineer of building. and  i'm responsible for deciding  the size of column and beam.  and i belongs to housing  so  always  i work for    skyscraper  residence.  yes. ..yeah.yes. thank you.o k.  at first,   it's sunny day. and   there is a house. and there are one, two, three, four, five, six, , seven people there. and  a car is parking  on the road. and on the top of it, a cat is lying. and  a man who is sitting chair reads a newspaper. and another man is running on the pedestrian. and children  are playing with the ball. and  a girl is playing with rope. and    two women  are talking  on the road.  one of them takes a dog    . it looks very peaceful .yes. i see.  at first,   in this picture  it has  huge garden. but  our house  doesn't have it. and   our apartment is two story building.and  we will live     first floor in england so  second floor.  ground and  first floor. but in   this house is  what can i say,   one story building.  and   there are  some children there but we don't have it....  i have  two brothers.  exactly, brother and sister. so  if  we have  three children  i think . it's good. yeah.yeah..yes.thank you ..yes and  just moment.i see.o k. i'd like to go to new york by train.  how can i get to there  the fastest way?yeah..yeah.   how long does it take to there?.thirty minutes.  what about local train?more than .so  how much does it cost to there by  express?ten dollars?how about ?seven dollars. o k  so i'll take  the express.yes.  yeah.yes.  i'll take  return ticket.twenty dollars.  so no discount?. i see.   anyway i'll take return ticket ..yes..yes. .. thank you very much.thank you very much...mode of transportation? so   you mean train?.       what's most surprise me is   the  train.   . yeah.  the train there is far from punctual. yeah.   . they are late.. and   the worst  more than one hour.and the worst   they didn't come. .yeah   we are prohibited to  driving car, so    we didn't choose another way without the train.and  when  we move  near distance,  we use bus. but   the bus   isn't always punctual. ....yes.thank you ..o k. just a moment.o k.  can i start?  one day last week,  a woman  was  looking for    her family's grocery in  refrigerator. but   she didn't find anything. so  she went to the supermarket by her car. and then,       she chose groceries   which was for  their family's food.  and   she bought them. and then,  she rode their  grocery into her car. and  when she came back home,     she cooked the family food. and this is an   egg and  something   but  something bolied  food. yeah. .  not so bad.   sorry,  before i went to england,  i heard it was terrible.. but   when i was here,  i had something  good food.  for example,   i had roast beef. . it was very good.   it was better than japanese one. and     what the most delighted me is   be able to have  good beers.  i didn't know  i can have a good beer in england.but  the beer is very good.yeah. .i drink almost  everyday.  .now  i am very busy.yeah.yes... very much.