nice to meet you.yes. my name is .yeah.i'm from here, .  city.. do you know the    ward?i'm from  today.. i was born,  actually, in  city.but i was grow up in    ward in .. now, i'm working for an airline company as a flight attendant.yes.thank you.yes, yes. that's right.. yes, it is. absolutely. i can see many people..   on  duty or on vacation?? .  i work for  . so, mostly, i go to amsterdam from here,  to amsterdam. but, before that, i used to work for  , so i used to live there.most of time, i fly between  that country and japan... of course, in japan. because i was born in japan, and i know the culture itself. . but it was quite interesting to live in abroad. and, especially,  it's in asia, it's in other country, but,  still,  in asia,  we have many same cultures to share, but it's different. it was quite interesting.. a little bit..my hobby? . in this season, skiing. and then, these days, i started  playing billiard.billiards.  i'm just beginner. really beginner. very beginner. but it's really interesting. i really want to play..  one of my friends are crazy about billiard. then he recommend us to join the billiard. whenever he appeared,  he carry   his own cue.yes.difficult?.  i still not sure about  how difficult or how much interesting it is. but i think,   now, i still practicing to push straight where  i want let the ball go. but,   maybe, later on, maybe, i have to think about  physics. but, yeah, that's quite interesting.yes. on this picture,    one girl is in a room. she's sitting at her desk. there is computer. but, now, she's not working at computer. but,  maybe,  she has break in between working at computer. then, there is one dog. there is one cat on the bed. and she's really relaxing with  her  cat and dog. . ?  maybe, she is taking break, because somebody  outside of door.  door is opened.yes, i do.mainly for e-mail. then, sometimes, when i want to search something, then, i use the internet. and, these days, i can check my schedule  on the net. .yes, i do.. i bought my computer about  four years ago. .  at that time,  there were not many friends were using computer, but, within  this four years,   i got many e-mail friend. so, sometime, i'm very busy with answering the e-mails. how busy? it  depends. but, yeah, sometimes, it takes two, three hours to response, especially, after i come back from my job.yes. and,  at the same time,     i sign up for a mail magazine from  new york times. it's free. and then,  in evening, i can practice my english.o k.hello. this is   speaking.. i need to talk to you now..   now, i'm home, then, i found that  one of my windows are broken.then, i need to ask you to fix it  as soon as possible. can you arrange it for me?. but  i think it's a kind of urgent. because it's cold outside today.  i really needed to be fixed, otherwise i can't sleep tonight. it's too cold. ?i think some balls were came in from outside.i think so. it looks like that.yeah. it's quite big hole. so i can't sleep with that window broken..  i don't think so. but,  maybe, some kids were playing baseball outside.  not that serious.. but you can arrange that  somebody,  to fix it immediately or not.pardon me?yes. .yes, please.. maybe, you can check the yellow page now on.  then, if i arrange by myself, can you response for  pay all?. then, i will arrange by myself.it's o k.bye.yes, that's right.. not really. but   it was quite long time ago. remember. . maybe, not.. i shared the room with my friend. so, yeah,    to sign contract with  owner, some of the friends had a problem  when they wanted to leave.it was not for me to leave. but we had a bit trouble..  one day last week, sam was driving on his car. then,   from the other side of the road,      tom was  driving on his bike  with talking on his mobile phone   to his girlfriend. then, accidentally, sam's car hit  tom's bike because tom was paying less attention on his driving. then, sam and tom start to argue  about  that accident. then, they decided to call the police on the road. then,  sam started complaining about tom because tom was chatting on his mobile phone while he's driving. then, from that sight, the police  took tom's bike away, because it was tom's fault.yes, i have. i just bought last year.i didn't like to have it. but i gave up, otherwise  i really   lose my friends.i really need to contact.  .   in my case, my mobile phone has a e-mail or massage system. then,  when i just want to tell a short massage to my friend,   right, i can just send a short massage   by my mobile phone. if i make phone call, it takes two, three minutes, at least, from say "hello", "how are you" to the "good-bye".  it makes communication much easier, smoother.yes, i do.to get driver's ?. over ten years ago, i forgot about how was that.. pardon me?.  i thought  i have to take a driving license,  as young as possible. . because my parents really advise us to take a driver's license as soon as possible, otherwise it would be difficult... .it's just for three or four days.i feel, sometime, all right. but, maybe, it's because of just medicine works well.no, i don't, i just have running nose and a little headache.thank you very much.. have a nice weekend.