good afternoon.yes. my name is .yes... i'm not very fine because    i went to bed at six o'clock.yeah. .  i've held a party with my friends    so. .  i had a class in this morning,  i mean the class of english conversation, and i was very, very late for that class. but  i was never absent for  eight weeks   so i'm very proud of it.yeah. . i live in .yes. at first, i get   line   from  station to  station and  i go for walk to the  station then i change the train to the  line..  when i'm very tired  i sleep a little bit or now i'm very busy for preparing the job hunting, so in a train  sometimes i read some books about the job hunting., yes, sure. because   i do it because     it was about     six month ago, i had an accident, and    at that time  i was wearing some protection around my body and i really wanted to seat.  and   there were always some people   who give me the seat  so i decided to do like them. .but   it's normal.. actually  i go to school five times  a week, so    on sunday  i always stay at home  to read a book or to watch the t v or to listen the music or    if i have a free time   after the class  i meet some friends or go for shopping... o k,      two men are   in a shop and one men are looking for a watch in that shop. and there, there are  two t vs  and some cameras or some telephones  and, how can i say,     i don't know how do you call it in english but    some c d recorders. and  a man asked to another man   to get some informations about the watches and it is three o'clock.  it is not very crowded in the shop.   i think that's all. yes. i want to buy      video recorders because  a friend of mine have one and  actually  last night     we made a  and at the party and  friend of mine   sorry,   took a pictures of that party and in the morning   we saw that videos and it is very funny,  so i want to buy it. you mean the qualities or something?? . i think  the reason why the most of the japanese companies  made some products in chinas or  in somewhere else because    if they do it in japan it would cost very much. but    if they make some products   in china, for example,  there are a lot of people who want to work  and  recently i saw   t v documentaries and  in that program  the chinese people said   that they very  wanted to work for a japanese company. and i don't know why but   i think  they love japan and  if they work for the japanese company  in china  it is kind of  how can i say,     they can get    some advantages      when they look for another job   it would  help them   to get the job so . and as to the qualities,  i think   there is  no problem and the  is very important for the students.o k.yes. o k.hello. .  i'm .i'm so sorry, i call you because i can't go to your party tonight. because  my mother is very, very ill and you know, i have no brother or no sister so i should take care of her. i'm so sorry  but  maybe next time, i can see you or if you have another party   i'd like to go. she's not quite bad but     i'm a little bit worry about her. . but you know, she is very tired and  now she is in the bed so   i think it's better   to leave her in the bed. and  if i need, i call a doctor by telephone so. but thank you.. i don't think so   but  it depends on her conditions. so maybe or probably.thank you very much.thank you.. . o k.  i held a party with my friends whom i met in france, and  i've been in france for a year to study french and    we had a lot of experience together  and now   we all   in japan and  we are now at the same university but  about  once a month  we organize some kind of party or, for example,   we go to some restraints or     to see. and   sorry,  about a week ago, a friend of mine called me that because  she wanted to see me and have a party.  and     at that time  i've just returned from korea  and i had  some korean food so i decided to take some food to the party  and so we held  .. one day last week,   tom called  sophie. and sophie is his girlfriend.  he suggested that  they will go to the zoo.   and she was agreed.    and  tom decided to go to her house   to pick her up to the zoo.      and   they went to the zoo.     they went for a walk in the zoo. and   they saw a lion. and  they saw a monkey  eating an bananas.      and they went home  in talking about some animals of the zoo. and they were very enjoyed.   i like french movies so  i often go to the cinema with my boyfriend   to see movies. but  there is a big problem between  him and me.       he doesn't like romantic movie but i love it. so when we go to the cinema and when we decide   what we would see,    we are not always   agree and     he wants to see  a movie, for example, some   made in hollywood or       he loves  attraction movies.       and sometimes  we rent a video tape and we see a movie at home and i think  i'd like to stay at home   and talk to my boyfriend   about the job hunting or .o k. thank you very much.yes. i'm going to see my friend in . yes.thank you very much.