my name is ..yes.please call me .i'm freshman.and it's only about ten months, since i joined  corporation. and  i working at telecommunications department.and, we dealing  mainly cellular phoneand any kind of mobile computers.  such as   or  .do you know ?. we can use internet . and, we can see any silly program..  o k. after work? i usually finish work at about ten p m.so, after work  i just go home.then?  i eat  dinnerat home and take a bath, and  wash my teeth. and, then i go to bed. free time?, weekend?   no, i usually go to  shinjuku, to drink with my  friendsfrom college..  ?.  drinking  yes. i usually drink a beer.and, i'm not so strong.so, i don't drink so much.and, i know the restaurantwhich my cousin runs.yes. so, i  usually go there..yes but   my cousin give me      extra charge. so  we can  service.. o k.in center of this restaurant, maybe i think this is restaurant.  there are one man who is wearing  yellow suit and blue tie and white shirt. and, he has a black hair, and his eyes are black, too. and, he's holding a wine glass. and  next to him, there is one woman  who is wearing, a pink dress and white pearl necklace. and, his face is oval, and, i think, maybe he is laughing. and, his hair and eyes are also black.  and, they are just ordering the wine. and, there are one waiter, and he is wearing a black suit and white shirt.maybe he is a western. because his hair is little bit brown. so, and, he is holding a wine bottle, and  he's explaining about a wine.. yes, i'd like to. but    i don't have enough money to have a dinnerin such a gorgeous restaurant.  the most big difference  is, i think, the atmosphere. because the shop i usually go to shinjuku,is very   loudly  and very crowded. but  this restaurant keeps very good mood. and  there are few people. and  if i talk to my friend   the other people  doesn't hear our conversation in this restaurant, maybe.. this is .how are you? fine, thank you.and you? good.  please let me know your schedule this saturday.. so, i have a plan to go to see a movie.and  how about going with me?good? so, the movie starts at,  one p m.so, we have to  leave home about one hour ago.so   i'll drive to your home.then, i'll pick you up, and, go to see a movie. all right?.  i'm trying to see  suspense movie.for example?  "usual suspects"or "seven".do you like it?. so, what kind of movie do you like?love story.. but, if i see a love story,maybe i'll fall asleep.. but, it's o k. we want to see a love story..on    no.see you on saturday... if  there is a change,i'll call you..yes. i often go to see a movie.  i saw  "titanic".      there is a love storyand action and, so on..   but i don't like  leonardo dicaprio so much..  because i like  the one who is about fifty something.. so, i like   no, robert de niro,or  al pacino.i like them..o k.give me a moment. yes.. one day last week  one woman  who is wearing a brown coat and red scarf and pink shoes  and, she has  brown hair  was entering the department store. and  then after she entered the store  she is going to buy a birthday present of his husband.and  she was looking for  tie. and  then   she asked  to the   shopkeeper. and, she said  "i'm going to buy a birthday present. and, how do you think of this tie"? and, the shopkeeper is said, ", it's good. and, everybody buy this tie. and   this year  the green color is very trendy". and, then  she's going to buy this tie. and, she said, "o k. i'll take this. and   please wrap this tie very pretty". and, then   the shopkeeper is  coming to her, and said, "o k. here we are".  and  she paid the money. and  after that she's walking around   department store. and   she found   the word of final sale. and, then    she was looking for  her clothes. and, she looked everything around this corner. and, then       she bought a lot of things about her.  and, then   she was  going out of the department store  holding a lot of  clothes  of her own.this weekend?o k. i want to buy a used car. and looking for  wagon.and, color is white. , so, i'll buy a book of a used cartoday after work.and  i'll go to the used car shop around tokyo.. you very much.thank you very much.