my name is ... i'm .but i have a class today.   a kind of  parents came to  watch class. yeah. open   school .so  i was nervous and  i  tired now. my school is in  . and    as a teacher, second .yeah. so   kind of a freshman. and  my school has three classes for each grade. and  students are very nice. and teachers are also .so i really  enjoying my job.yeah.. of course teaching english. yeah. i'm studying english and teaching english is most interesting . yeah.  and of course,  after school, i teach  volleyball, girls volleyball club.  it's  for me.i always play with them.yeah.volleyball.  just pass and, you know, spike,  many  skills.   yesterday,  we had a practice  game with other school.yeah. sometimes we have like that games.yeah...    almost all saturdays,   i play  volleyball.yeah. and other day, i go out with my friends and watch movie and just relaxing my home is, so i like  type, .yeah. my hometown is . very . i moved to  when i was a junior high school student. and before i moved, i was really looking forward to go to . but after i went there, i noticed  it's really difficult to live in very cold place.yeah. because, you know, there  heavy snow in winter time. so people  have a difficulty to live sometimes.  go out and not so many transportations. so yeah, it's hard to live.. it's good to sightseeing,. but i love . so someday, i wanna go back to my hometown. .. just  go for walk with my  is best thing for me. to you know, kind of  small mountains to go up to  the top of the mountain with my dog and just   watch the view and, yeah, just relax. it was  my favorite . yeah. .o k..o k. just describe?o k.  a girl is sitting in front of computer. and  there is a cat on the bed. and there is a dog  next to bed. and the girl,  i don't know what she is doing now, just introduced  computer to  , cat and dog. i don't know. and   there is a  c d in the  room. and there are some books also. and there is a phone. and the door is open. and it's a daytime, i think, not night. o k. it's three o'clock right now. and  typewriter, i don't know how to say this one,  she has a typewriter, too...  my dog is smaller than this dog. and  this dog is fat,compared with my dog.yeah. and   this dog has longer ear compared with my dog. and  color is brown. but my dog is white.yeah. just friendship  and when  i'm at home  i just can relax with my dog. so  i don't know, kind of friends. .yes. . my heart  you know, get warm. . .o k. o k. it's difficult. . o k. i went to a tour   in your company. just   i noticed  it's  different from the tour guide.  i thought,  o k,   it's different from the, you know, tour guide  which i thought.yeah. o k.   in the tour guide said     we have a  dinner every day. but sometimes   we didn't have dinner and just went out by ourselves and went to kind of restaurant. and other day,  i thought i could go shopping but  there was no time to go shopping. so i couldn't get  you know,  my souvenir to my . really? yeah. that's happened  actually. just i paid already. but you know, it's different from that i thought. so i just want you to   give back to me  something.   you mean, what did you?   i thought i could go many places and i could go shopping many times and i ate great dinners.  i expected like that. but you know, sometimes we could but not everyday.  we didn't have time or you know, sometimes we just  went out  by ourselves in  dinner times. so   i hope i could get  something, pay back or,  something   from the country, i think.yeah....o k..my .  canada. i've been there two times. and near vancouver, i went there. yeah. i love  canada very much.vancouver. o k.  i did home staying in vancouver,  north vancouver, actually.   the family was really kind to me and that was great experience for me. and the father  cooked dinner almost everyday. yeah. that was .yeah.o k..o k.o k..o k.    can i use "i"?.  one day last week, i went to department store and  looked for   my husband's  birthday present. and  i found a very nice tie for him.  and i bought it.   it was a little expensive but   it was his birthday so i paid for that. and after that, i  looked around the department store. i found a nice shoes. and it was on sale.  thirty percent off. so  i really wanted to buy that. and so   i got it. and  after the shoes corner, i went to the  clothes corner. and i found  again  really nice shirts. and that was  fifty percent off. so i just  bought it. and  it was a really nice shopping for me. but i bought many, many things.    lastly, i bought  my clothes and shoes   compare with my .o k.i think  that's not so big difference  compare with japan and canada.  i went to a kind of market,  the big, i don't know, department store kind of  it was really similar with japanese one. so, i don't like to go shopping in canada because  i didn't    notice any difference. .canada? shops   ,. and i just went out to mountains and rivers and i did    or something like  outdoor activities. i love that in canada.o k.  i found the kind of tour of kayaking. so i just participate  in that  tour with my friend. and i went to a big lake. and  there is  in canadian guide  just   taught us how to do kayaking so just  practice how to do canoe. and   i also did from  a little high place, five meters or so  i went up to the   kind of high  place with  kayaking. and   in the kayaking  my guide  just  push  my back. so i just  kind of jump,from the high place. that was very . yeah. .. yeah. and i went to  victoria and , too. kind of  sightseeing. but it was very nice nature. yeah, very nice place. it's similar with hokkaido. that's why i like canada, i think.yeah.. thank you very much. the end of this  year.  do you know ?near the .  yeah,  near . it's really cold place..yeah, of course.yeah.but  we could,  you know,  go skiing. so almost every year, my family go to  go skiing,all together.yeah. .o k.