good morning.yes.  my name is .. i'm fine.and you?. i live in  city  at .do you know ? it's     next to   river.far? what do you mean?.no.very  near   this office,  about thirty minute by bicycle.yeah.yes.   i think it is very healthy for me. i use bicycle  on sunny day. i use  train. from    , station.yes.my  family  is my wife and my son. he is   three month.. he's very  similar . yeah.  looking similar to me.so  he is very cute.   when  i finish the work,i go straight to home   to meet my baby.yes, of course. example,  i often change    .   give him a milk.o k.      here is a room  for one girl.    she is sitting on the desk and uses computer.and    there is a dog lying on the floor and a cat  lying on the bed.   the room  seems to be very clean.. .  . . . and   there is a c d set.     that's all. unfortunately,.yes.yes. i have two computers in my home. one for  my hobby, other oneis for my work.    since i'm  supporting our clients even sundayand saturday,so  i have to work in my house. i need computer support our clients. it's very hard.  but  clients  want me to help and  i get a moneyfor support client.so  i think  it's not bad..o k. yes.     i'd like to travel to  europe. where do you recommend?   what's the point?yeah.but  i can't speak frenchwell. is it no problem?why? ?really?  i can speak english,  .i hear  that  the people in france can't speak english.is that true?.so  i think  it's cause some problems.tour?. .  . . what kind of  tour do you have?.. how long  does the triptake?one week?  where  do i stay?.  ?three yen?see.    it's just expensive for me. do you have more  cheaper?. what's different between regular and economy?..  sounds o k to me. is it?half?  it's reasonable.so,.   it seems very good.i'll take it.  abroad? yes.  i went hawaiiand guam, europeand thailand and the u. s.    i didn't feel the difference.  i couldn't understand the difference because  i couldn't hear  the speeches. i went  only  sightseeing spot. yes..o k..o k.one day last week,     i drove  with my car  in the street.  so,   a man   who was riding  his motorcycle  with calling mobile phone. and    his mobile phone and my car  clashed.and  he was very angry because  his motorcycle and his mobile phone  was broken.but  it was his mistake, i think,  since   he was riding and with mobile phone.it's  very dangerous.so,   it was   not my responsible.  so, i  explained  the things to the policeman. and he agreed my opinion.     so,  i called  wreckerand    made    his motorcycle   send  to the  factoryto repair his motorcycle.yes..yes..yes. i have a plan   with my wife to have  something eat.yes. thank you.