my name is .yes, sure. of course.i'm fine, thank you. how are you today?i came here by train.  line.  from . but i transferred at   station.yes.i'm working at  as a part timer.  receptions, yeah.i refer the customers to the right people. yeah.i sometimes feel difficulty, with customers who speaks english. yes, we have a lot of foreign customers. so i  difficult to communicate each other, especially   when i have to use   special words  of  banking.after work.  i usually meet my friends, and have dinner together.to have dinner?   i usually meet my friends  in shibuya. why shibuya.  because shibuya is  good access  for everybody to get together.restaurants.  yes. i have  a favorite restaurant  a spain- .    the restaurant    is  the restaurant is on the fourth floor  second floor of the building. and they have nice balcony.yeah, balcony. i don't know how to say it. i really like it.  like that place.family. there are five people in my family. my father, mother, and grandmother, and i have a brother.brother?  he is a university student. and  he's on vacation now, and  he left to china few days ago...      we talk more than the usual brothers and sisters because we have same hobbies. that's a music. we have same taste of music. so we talk a lot  when we stay in the house. we like jazz and  bossa nova, latin music, specially and jazz, too.. bossa nova is  popular among young people these days, so    i think that's the beginning.   and  my brother started to play a guitar, so he  taught me a lot of things about instruments  things, a lot of things about that   music. so now i really like it. yes.  there is a woman  sitting in front of a computer. and there is a dog  and a cat  in that room. and i can see  stereo.  and i think   the woman sitting in front of computer   use the computer.  and orange curtain hang on the window in front of her. yes . .this room is   much clean than my room.   and  to compare with my room, i think her room is bigger than mine.    and   i have more things in my room than  she does.  that's it.computer.   sometimes it's very convenient for us to communicate each other on computer through net because  my friends sometimes send me e-mail  during she's on her job. and i can check   my mobile phone. that's why it's very convenient for us especially when we are supposed to meet. .o k.hello  this is .how are you today?and  i don't want to say this, but i have to say something  to you today 'cause i am very busy now with my work. and    i think i won't be able to  invite your     i won't be able to go to your party tonight.yes. i'm really sorry about this.yes,  i get  the big project recently, and i have to do something very urgently. so i'm really sorry..   thank you, but i am not sure what time i will be finished. yeah? that's sounds . but  what time are you supposed to start?around seven thirty?  i think i can finish my work by nine or something. but  i think it's too late.really?  but   what to say. but   i don't wanna trouble you, so  maybe i will be there next time.yes. i really wish i could.. what? excuse me, can you repeat the question?i usually use  my body condition for excuse.   and yes, mainly i use " i had a fever.", "i have a headache.", for excuse.most recently.  i met my friend last weekend. and    we meet almost every  every friday. so that was very usual weekend for us.  we got together, and   drank, and talk a lot.one day last week, a man  is on a way to his home. and there was a lot of people at the station on the platform. and suddenly, he felled his briefcase  to the railroad. and but nobody helped him.  and the train came   to the  platform. but his briefcase was safe. it was intact. and      the person working at the station  get his briefcase back to him. was little crowded, but not so much. station was  very crowded. i just tired from just riding a train everyday.  i don't like riding a train..this interview.  i'm supposed to meet my friend.yes. in hokkaido. so we haven't decided it, yet, the time.thank you very much.