my name is . i'm a . i slept late last night.on thursday? i go to part time job.. in , i work for the deskwork. i use computerof word or excel, and make a  report.i live in -..with my father and mother. my parent is  not so  commit me. i'm a only child.so, they are very  take care for mevery much.. i like to  send a e-mail.. i'm in fourth grade. i nearly graduate from university. i'd like to go to travel. i talk with my friend about the travel..yes.  the man and lady set a table and waiting for the dinner. and the man drinks wine. and a waiter showed a bottle of wine for the man.and he choose the wine, i think.yes, frequently... near the university, there is saizelia.it is the name of  family restaurant.and the saizelia's menu is very cheap reasonable. .  this restaurant is very wide.and    there are little people in the floor.but, saizelia is very    crowded.and, the waiter and waitress's uniform is not so funny.  i went saizelia in the,   fifteenth october.because,  from sixteenth to twenty-third i went to poland and belgium.so  last night in japan, i eat at saizelia.thank you..hello, this is .i'd like to go to movie.and, in shinjuku i have a ticket of movie.so, shall we go to the movie? where do you live?. then,  you will go to shinjuku by  line?. but, shinjuku is very good situation.so, let's meet at shinjuku station of  east side exit.. what time is  suit for you? tonight?i see,       where do you eat at dinner? the movie?i will eat the dinner before the movie.so, you please eat the dinner  before six .see you.yes.see you then.thank you.  a little.yes.i like in theater.because  the theater is the screen is very wide. and the sound is very  dramatic. so, i like see the movie in theater. i saw the movie, the name of tricolor, in france there are three part. and, one is blue, and two is red, and   third is white.it is tricolor.and, i saw the blue one.and, it was very sad story.but  the color of the movie is very  clear. made of blue color.so, it was very interesting. one day last week,    i and my friend  were walking on the street in the rainy day. and a friend noticed the sound. and    he was looking for the sound. and, i noticed that,  a little cat    was       on the street.so, the cat was very pretty.and i  holded .and    i was getting to like the cat.so, i said that i want to    bring back the cat to my home. but, my friend say no. but  i really want to   bring back the cat.so     he changed the mind.and  he said o k.so, we brought back the catto the home..he   looking for the  sound??ending?home. and, take care.      at  my birthday party day,  i and  my many friends are      see the catin the street.so    one of my friend have  two catsin her house.so   she know how to care the cat.so, she brought backher home.and she have three cat .so, it is very happy .yes.    it is depend on the kind of train.if i ride the  express,i can go   for about thirty minutes.but, i ride the local train,i will  take about .   the train.thank you .