i am .nice to meet you.fine, thank you. and you?i'm live in  shimokitazawa,in setagaya-ku.yes.  i have  two  children and a .. i have a daughter and a son. two of them    go to collage.yes.. yes. sometimes, i go to  gym and exercise.and,  sometimes i reading books     go  to see movies.yes.yeah.  i read many variety of books.  but, recently, i read  mystery novels written by  miyabe miyuki.they are very interesting.yeah.      my son lend me some books  written by  miyabe miyuki, and i read it.  it was very interesting, so i  continue to read  her books.yeah.. after i sweat much, i feel better and    my shoulder  is getting light. because    i have shoulder achevery much, so    sometimes i go to exercise.yes. .  it's sunday morning.    .  it's sunny day, and  people in this town  were very relaxed.     a girl  is  skipping in front of house. the boys are playing ball. the man is jogging on the street. and   two of housewives are chatting on the street. . the cat is sleeping   on a roof of a car. and  they feel  comfortable very much on sunny sunday. yes. . shimokitazawa is very small town. and  there are  many   shops.yeah. . .  i like to live in citymore than live in countryside.because  city   stimulateme.and there are many informationto get me. .   culture and politics,  and  so on. but,  sometimes  i'd like to live countryside.but sometimes. o k.  hello, . how are you ? why don't you go  to  a movie with me?.     what kind of movie  are you interested in?any kind?   i want to see "amelie".  so,    how about this weekend?. on saturday  is it o k? saturday?   the theater is on  shibuya.  so,  how do you go to shibuya?yamanote line?  then,  i'll take  inogashira line. so,  please wait in front of  hachiko. at  six o'clock.the movie  will start  seven o'clock.so  six o'clock is   o k, i think.see you then...   the last movie is   the "planet of ape,"  i think. yeah.   i saw it  last summer. my husband wanted to see.    and he wanted to see with me, so  i went. . .usually,    we took a dinner after movie. we like japanese food, so usually   we go to japanese restaurant.thank you.. one day last week,    i went out with my boyfriend. and  walking  a street,  he  heard   some noise.      it was cat. .       i wanted to have a cat.  the cat  was wetting in the  rain. so  i asked him, "what shall we do?".  he was thinking, but i decided   to take a cat to my house.    .  he was very annoyed, but  i decided. then   we went back home with a cat. .      someone    didn't want to have a cat, so   someone put the box in cat. ..  i like the cat very much. i already have one cat.. so i will do the same thing.yeah.  he is living in five years with us.  he is  american shorthair.his name is pablo.. it's named after pablo picasso. great name.he always  sleep in the  living room.  our living room is his room. yeah. and  he always  wake me up,yeah,  every morning, early morning. so i have to get up earlyeveryday. .   i   clean his toilet and    feed him and pour water in the bottle  and patting.  but maybe      he plays  with me,  maybe. thank you.. yeah.yes. after this, i will meet my daughter in shibuya.we'll going to go movie.yeah.  it's "amelie".yeah. ?yes. my daughter   wants to see it.. i will take a lunch and go to movie.yes. yeah..thank you.