o k. thank .. my name is . nice to meet you.. i'm not so good.i was very sick last weekend. it's getting better. , still not perfect..  yeah, i have a appointment with my friend ,monday. because monday was a holiday.but i have to cancel. because i was very sick in the morning. and then, it's very difficult to sleep. because   so  .then i just watch t v   .yeah.. i don't like any medicine and doctor.so i just  sleep well.or take vitamin c.. not busy,as  as i was in  marketing. i moved to media  last october.yeah. i was a media manager.and   when i was  marketing, i was  in a project to launch . do you know ?.then, of course for the launch preparation,  very, very busy.. in the weekend, it was very difficult to  holiday.?. . i'm  for media. it's all about the communication.so marketing   t v advertisement,or  other  or  magazine . is  how to deliver these communication tool like a t v commercial, that  the  consumers,through the good  program.or good magazine or good newspaper. it should suitable for the target consumers.so basically, i'm working with the   media agencies,and media planners.and my job is to communicate  with planners, media agencies and . it's difficult. because  you have many, many categories. many, many brand managers. and i am only person, who was media   media manager.and    i have assistant. but the only small people handling the many brand.. yeah, it's really exciting. because   i meet the many people, not only agency people. so  i meet the  media owners like a t v station people or some people from  the magazine company  or newspaper company. yeah,   it's  bit difficult. ,think she is the working girl and , but  even holiday, she like to play with p c. maybe she is doing the internet.i'm curious. because she has a .old fashion.and  p c is the video, old fashion. and she love dog and cat.  but he or she is very sleepy. then, this cat as well. i don't know why she is  facing this direction, even the cat is sleeping. and then,  because this door is open,maybe she is expecting somebody to come in.she love music. and also i found the  funny . it's june. it's should be . she is wearing  like a winter. ... i love internet too.because i can communicate to the friend outside the country. so very easy,and then inexpensive way.yeah. before the internet, you have to call outside of japan. and it was  expensive, but nowadays internet is  very fast.and then,  my friend can access any time she want. so, i don't worry about  disturbing her .yeah... sometimes  i think the menu is too many, the things, what i want.yeah. internet and the internet e mail.. yeah.so when   i love traveling,so   when i need to find some place to go,it's very convenient to find the information .yeah. ., when was the  party??. ring-ring.yeah. .hi, . this is  speaking.. i love to join the party. but  i think i cannot.  i was very sick today.i'm very sorry   and     could you invite next time when  i getting ?. .o k. i try but  maybe i'll be late.yeah.  o k.i will take some medicine. maybe i will   be getting better, i hope.so could you wait? yeah. yeah. i'll .o k.yeah. o k. anyway, i need some rest. .  never .yes.. it's not a big party like  western-type party. but i like to invite people to my apartment, even small. is very .but  sometimes i invite seven people, eight people.so i cook.and then, my friend bring  something they prepared.and just chatting, drinking.. when i have a party at my home,  maybe people can be more relax,  because they can make noise.  i don't care..yeah.so   start from,?   one day last week,     ken drove his car to go to his office. and the guy on the bike using mobile phone  even  using mobile phone while driving is  very danger.and then,     he was very busy to talk with   his girlfriend. so he didn't notice the ken's car is coming. and then, hit his car.  and dropped his mobile phone. even it's his fault, he is complaining to ken. because     his bike and mobile phone was broken  by hitting ken's car. then ken said, "o k. let's call policeman. because i don't think it's my fault.". and policeman came and ken is explaining what happening.   he is explaining, "because this guy is talking by mobile phone while driving, so it's not his fault. his fault.". then, o k.   policeman agreed ken's opinion.     this bike, actually, damage was not so bad.but  it should be  repaired.so the  bike was taken to the place,to repair.yes.i have a car license..no. never. because ..no need to drive in tokyo. it's very convenient to use as a i d.because  .sometimes it's very bad. very    around the big city like  shibuya, very difficult find a place to park.and the traffic is very busy. i usually use bus to come to the office,but  sometimes bus cannot move because of the traffic.usually in the morning, it take just twenty minutes to come to the office but in the evening, because of people and then traffic  it took about forty minutes.terrible. yeah.o k. thank you .after this ?back to job. maybe i have  some appointment with my friend.  i hope i can leave around six ..yeah.. . actually, i have  appointment to go to the movie ,and then, before or after movie, we will go dinner together, she, not boy. .yeah. it's lady's day. ..