good morning. yes. sure. my name is .. o k.i am fine, thank you, and you?i live in , . do you know ? near from    about ten minutes  using train. no, i  grow up in . do you know ?yes.no, i'm in junior.. i like  very much because   many people is very kind and  we are very passion about baseball or rugby or some kind of sports,  we can sing a song, or  like some other things. so i like very much . no,  i can't do sport but i play bridge.bridge. do you know bridge,  kind of  card game, major in america or other countries?bridge play four people, and  two people is partner, and another two people is partner, and play bridge and  we play thirty card each person take, and we play bridge.   and  check the score after play..  i know bridge after  enter the  . and i'm interested in bridge after one or two years  passed play bridge.  about five days  per week..  i just sleep or watching t v. .  that's all.yes. . i like sleep   in my house. yes. . i have a  job. i work in   as a  clerk,  twice a week,   about three hours.yes.   about   i introduced from  circle  so   the company    is   like a   many people came to play  so   that is  their companies.   their company do it.  many man, woman are sitting, and they are  wine,    and  the dishes are empty,   and   they are very happy because  this  place is very nice. and it is seven o'clock. and  some lady  play piano there.   a lady   eat and    some couple talking each other.   a man  bring  dishes to  couples. .. o k.i usually go to  italian restaurant, or  cafeteria.  cafeteria is very cheap, so i usually use there.  and many people is there, so we can meet there and we can talk  there.. . o k.i want to go to new york as soon as possible. so, how to  go there?i want to go  possible..  what line is the train?express, yes.what time is it?nine o'clock.o k. and i want to buy a ticket.how much is the ticket?what's the different?.  i want to buy thirty dollars ticket. i can get here? o k. .thank you.thank you.yes.yes,  i went to oregon this summer..many  people  go to there, so i choose there. and     have a plan to go oregon  so i go there.  i went   there using  this plan. yes, . i think a food is very different. . american food is very sweet.  and many people ate a lot of food. so that is different, i think.yes,   i went to zoo or  park. and i went sea. that was very beautiful.i want to go europe next time.. i want to see a   difference from america to europe.  and i want to talk english. first,    i go to travel center  for example, h i s and  i ask  how much is the  plan, ticket or hotel, and i choose  one of that. .one day last week, some   lady went to department store.  she want to  buy a necktie. she asked clerk,  "what is the best  necktie?". he said, "this is nice.". so she  choose that one, and she pay money. she want to give some other people, so she  asked  clerk, " .". so the clerk wrap necktie. after that,   she wanted to buy  some other goods, so she ask, "  do i get there?". the clerk said, "you can get  third floor.". so she  went third floor. yeah.  this christmas    the  december twentieth,  i have a dance party, so  we change a present.i bring little christmas tree.i bring a little christmas tree. i can get  some shop.  i get tokyu hands.that's a very beautiful, and  it is cheap..     i haven't ever did because  i can put the goods so i don't want to go. yes.usually go to  or   because it is near from my house.   because i don't have girlfriend, so  i don't have plan.yes.thank you.this afternoon? .  i have two classes after  so i have to study.thank you very much.thank you.