..my name is .yes.i'm fine, thank you.i'm from japan, . yes. i have a mother and a father and i have two brothers.my father works for a bank.  he is a decent person.he is kind to my mom and my family. and he   cares about us a lot. and he likes to play with our cat..yes. i go shopping or i go  just ride my  bicycle around my house. and sometimes i jog.yeah.my hobby? yes. i like to read books.  books about japan and  the relation between japan and other countries. i used to read sherlock holmes a .yeah. because, you know, the stories are full of adventure.and at the end of the book, you get to know what really happened.and you get to know how he, you know, found out who caused the incident or murder or whatever..yes. you know, many foreign people who come to japan say things like japanese don't have the ability to communicate with other people, like they're not so friendly, and they sometimes criticize it in a not a nice way.  i thought that maybe it's just their culture. i mean, japan used to be a country like   it didn't really socialize with the other .so maybe people aren't just used to it   and the foreigners who come to japan  of course,  they like to socialize a lot. so i think that  what do you say, it's just their opinionsof seeing  how japanese are. and  i think that's kind of a prejudice.yeah.yeah..thank you..it's a picture of classroom. and there's a teacher in front of the classroom and she is teaching mathematics. and  there are six students. and some of them are studying and they're listening to what the teacher is saying. but  more than half of them are doing their own stuff. they are talking or they're chewing their bubble gums or they're drinking or they're listening to music and they aren't paying attention.o k..this school?  when i started out when i was in  first year, the classroom  wasn't like this. there was more  filled with students who would listen to the teacher. but as we got closer to the graduation,  maybe our classroom is becoming to turn like this. yeah. there are students who don't really pay attention because they don't really care.yeah... yes..o k.yes.yeah. .  .  sorry.  i booked for a ticket for this train but i couldn't come in time. so could you please exchange it? so   what shall i ?  but i paid the money for it. so can't you do anything?   a good reason?   i have an exam at school. so  i had to finish the exam and then come to the station. can't you?yes.yes.?  .no?  .do i have to make up the reason?   ...   there was a traffic jam and my bus didn't  come to the station on time. so can't you call the people from the bus? yes, i have my ticket..so can i wait until he comes back?. can't you get someone else, ?yes. could you do that, please?thank you very much..yes.thank you very much.bye.. no.i try not to be late for things..i would explain to the teacher that or i would call the teacher before the exam  begins and then i would tell him that the train is late so i can't make it on time.maybe they would, like fix another date for the exam.and then i could take it privately ...one day last week,  mister jacobs was walking towards  i mean the station. and then   when he reached the platform, he accidentally dropped his suitcase.   but it wasn't an accident. it was actually  a person beside him   by his elbow and he dropped it. so he explained to the person beside him that it was his fault that he dropped his suitcase. but while they were arguing, the train had arrived and the train nearly   passed through the suitcase.  so mister jacobs was really  upset because he thought that his suitcase was  ruined. but after the train passed, he found that the suitcase was o k and he was relieved. and later on,    a man who works for the station   got the suitcase for him. and he pass it to ..  sometimes i see those people on the train and  at first when i saw it for the first time, i thought it was kind of embarrassing as  a woman,cause, you know, makeup is something that you do to  not show  or something, to cover . .. but as i got used to it,   i started to feel nothing and   i thought that maybe they didn't have time to do it in their homes or something.  i don't  that, because  you know,  it would disturb other passengers on the train and maybe people get annoyed just to hear other people talk. so i don't think that's a good thing.  i was very young   when i lived in a foreign country. ireland.., i remember. i was really little and i only remember myself playing with my friends and,  you know, having a good time. so  i don't really have an exciting memory.i was four years old when i went there. and i lived there for five years.yeah.it was mainly school and home. it was a catholic school. and  the teachers were all nuns. and  every morning, we went to the chapel to pray. and   the people there  were really nice.  they were very kind to me. they took care of me well.and my friends were very nice. there were only about thirteen students in one grade.so, yeah,it was a good place. no. it was all irish. this was an irish school.yeah... yes.in japanese.yes.   no.  we take english courses in englishand like  world history would be in japanese.just   all the english classes are in english. the other  are all ..thank you.