good afternoon.?o k. yeah.  my name is .thank you very much. pretty good. but like i have bruise on my leg so it hurts. and when i was playing soccer, a girl kicked my leg. that was really, really hurt.      like that was bad more than that i think.so pretty .no. it's as a classlesson. no sports.no sports. i belong to the drama club so i enjoy playing drama.?   i think you saw the poster about    face of me..  then   today i wear make up .   tenth of january,we have a performance at , and that was the first romance. we never had like  acted  romance. so this is the first time. so  like we try really hard. of course love means a boy and a girl.so there's a lot of girl in this high school. but boy, . so  we have a few boys. so just choose it, and pick him up and tell him, "please, please, please act the boyat the drama club.". and  he agrees on it. and yeah, he does it well.he's not professional and then he's really new to acting. but though he act really well.yeah.i hope it will. tenth of february.did i say january? sorry.attractive?. .   when i was in eighth grade, the city has a program of acting  like  just trying. but like n g o,    anyway,n g o  offered us to do acting with professional teacher.then i  attended it.i took a part in it. and i found that acting fun.and we had so many performance at of course in tokyo, and in mieand others  cities.then i got more interested in acting. the teacher like  directorwas really really,  it's bad word, but abnormal.he was really special and he was  like how do i say, but anyway, he has his own world. and that was really, really interesting. i thought     was really new to me and i got interested in it. and he told me how fun  acting, how fun is it. so yeah, i got . my dream is to become an international movie actress...o k.  first, i think this is a math class.and  a teacher,   maybe she is teaching  function.yeah. and there's, one, two, three, four, five, six,   no, six students. . . and  one is  not talking on the cell phone, but maybe e-mailing on the cell phone. and two girls are talking about their fashion. and they paint on their nails and they wear too much make up. and one is listening to music and drinking during class. . it's bad. but our class is like .not chewing a bubble gum, but yeah, talking, talking, talking, and someone is drinking and  some students are yeah, e-mailing on the cell phone.why? just look. they don't face to their teachers, talking or just look other side.i don't think they are concentrating on the math class.environment?  . one is concentrated. so maybe that's  just because of the subject.    ..yes.so  do you want to ask me about   our class,  it is depends on a subject or environment?.yes. like  yeah, actually we are really busy so   we need to do study and we need to do other things. but some student can't control it.so like doing homework during this class,  doing other subject's class or they need   sleeping at the class. and  yeah, some are just talking or e-mailing on their cell phone because it's not fun.thank you.no.sometimes, .which one? ?o k.o k. o k. i just want to take this back.  but   i went to home, and i open it. but actually i don't like it so will you exchange it into,  is it into money? yeah. .yes. but  you know,    for customer, i think  it's the best thing to do the best thing.like, no,  if you can or if you could, just exchange it. why not?  but  what's the problem?   it's on the sale and what's the problem?... but  if it was not on holidays,will you exchange it? then  it's o k to  exchange into the normal price, not special. but i just want to give it back. is it o k? and ask the manager?thank you.i'm stubborn. .yes.  maybe,  one, two, three, four times. no.  just .so no, i've never had such a test. o k. that's fine.o k. i've been to singapore, korea and america. been to america twice. winter i went there. and i went to oregon, one of the state,   north of the california and south of the seattle.seattle is state? no.washington?  yeah. i went there because my friend was there and just see my friends.i met them  two or three years ago. i went oregon  just learning languages. and i went there and i stayed at dormitory   of college. and  fourteen companion  came there, and  helped us     to have a lifesafely and  yeah, safely and  like do not bad thing. and yeah,  then one of the companion was really, really kind and   we became friends and just keep in touch for  three years. and she asked me to come her home.so, "o k, then i will go.". but i went there and   i had stayed with them for two weeks.. yes. . is that last thing?is it o k to begin now?o k.   one day last week, a man  use the station. and it was   and eight o'clock, maybe it's in the morning. but anyway,  he was wanting to get on the train. but man accidentally attacked him. and he dropped his suitcase.  and they started arguing, but both of them could do nothing because  the suitcase is on the railways. and suddenly, the train   came and the man was surprised because it might be crashed. and then the train was gone and that suitcase was safe. and he is relieved. and    maybe that's  officer at station, came down to the railways and took it and give him back.what would i do?    it's bad but i'll take it by myself, like,  going on  like railways and take it and go up . . but i'll do that.yes,  everyday.no.  i'm in a first grade so  leader.but maybe next year  leader.actually i don't wanna be. hard. it's hard to control every schedule and every club activities. it's really hard.   i know that much.  so i don't wanna be a leader. .yes.. .thank you very much.