. my name is ..nice to meet you.i'm good.  i had test this morning. but it was all right.  trading theory.. my major is  commerce... i already get a job. . it's  . thank you. i will  work in   international sales department.yeah. .. actually, i'm graduating in september. i'm going to  to get a   certificate in business administration.. sixteenth of next month.yeah.  i have friends there. so it's not too scary or anything.  i think so.  i can speak spanish, so i  think i'll be using english.. i like traveling. i've been to  many countries like russia,  canada, and new zealand, taiwan, and  china, hong kong,  .. i didn't go there to travel. i was  member of  russia's advanced student conference.so i went there to  participate in the conference. . i thought it is very different from japan, because there is no advertisement at all. . and     russian people are really different from like foreigners that i used to know. like americans .. i don't know. like  they think stuff in a different  some reason. like they think stuff really like . they are pessimistic for some reason. but, i mean, my impression is that they really like studying. they are hard working people. and  they also had really good command of english, too. some of them study like three languages or something.yeah.. i don't know what. i  watch movies,  like mainly hollywood movies. . for example,  i went to see like "a i" twice, . beause  i really like it.and  i don't know, but like watching movies in japan is really expensive. .i go there on like wednesday like  lady's day. you can sit  to see it like   or something, yeah. .. yeah. i go to movies like  twice a month or something... i live in .. twenty minutes by  line from .i'm moving out. i mean, i'm sending off my stuff to my parents. i mean, my family's place which is  in .. i probably will be working in   from next year. soi don't think i keep the apartment.because the human resource people told me that   you're working in  international sales division. you probably  work in kansai area like  or .it's a big difference. .yeah. i prefer .yeah. i guess it's  nice place to live when you are like seventy or something. ..o k.i think so.. many people are skiing. and this looks like  mountain, and it's winter. and  there is a coffee shop or something in  this lodging. and   the sky is clear. and  people wearing like really colorful ski wears. and,  i don't know, there is a snowman in a ground. and   four kids are playing with the snows. and one guy is like falling down on a ski.   . and looks like   the ski lesson is taking place, yeah. . this guy is teaching to  three people how to ski, yeah..  i don't know. it's one of those trend stuff. and,  i guess,  like if you wanna playing in the snow, like i think   you had only one choice which is skiing. but like because of  snowboarding, like you can do different stuff from other people. so, that's why i think the young japanese people think it's cool.. you know, different from majority of people skiing.so,  you know, young people likes to do different stuff  like majorities. so i think that that's the reason.no. o k..       i bought, like a product  from your place, like yesterday. and   i took it to my place, but  i found out that i didn't like it. and i'm just wondering if i can exchange it..  i bought a clothes. but it didn't fit me.it was too small.yes. but    i didn't throw away my receipt or anything. and i have receipt here, and i have product. . like  product tax    like stuff. . i mean,   i couldn't do anything because i didn't fit me. and  like  i couldn't like give it to like  family or anything. beause i live by myself. so i really want you to exchange it.because i was in a hurry. and   i check the size tag, and it says like medium. so i     fit me, but it didn't. so   i don't think  fault.yeah. but the size tag said it's medium. .  i mean, i'm small. so like  i normally buy like one or two, size. so i thought the medium would be a little bigger or something. but it didn't fit me. . . then,   where is your manager now?o k. is he coming back?. can i talk to him, ?. i'll come backin a hour or something.o k.no.  .  i normally like    check  the size like  in a fitting room or so. and  i'm really careful about buying stuff. so   i don't really like buy stuff like i  something . so i haven't been in this situation before.o k. . . i'm sorry. . . . can i say "i"?  driving a car. and   this guy who's talking on the cell phone riding a bike at the same time came. and   we kinda  bumped  each other slightly. and    his cell phone was broke by the shock of the  bumping. and    he blamed me for breaking his cell phone. and  we called the police, and i told the policeman that he was actually talking on a cell phone riding a bike at the same time. and      the   policeman found out that     policeman found out that he was the one who should be blamed for.   so the policeman  took his bike, and    this guy like riding a bike didn't do anything   about it..  i don't like them. i mean,  it's really annoying. and  like driving a car   talking on a cell phone at the same time is really dangerous. and harm people  walking  stuff. and  talking on the cell phone in the train is, i mean, you can answer the phone and like say something like "i will call you back.". .briefly. but  that's fine. but like people  who, you know, talks and talks and talks for like twenty minutes or something in a train, that's really like trouble for other passengers, i think..  .  . i am excited. worried because  yen is getting worse and .it is. i'm paying the .so it is very .yeah..five months..yeah.i'm going to    . i'll be getting a  certificate for a international student .?.. but it's . . like my friend was visiting me like  two weeks ago or something. and  like he didn't like this whole asian weather.and he was sweating all ..