 yes. my name is . please call me .yeah. i'm very fine. i live in   city prefecture. by train. it takes me about one hour to get here. just sleeping or something.  yes. little bit.yes. my town has a . and, the  is the most important part of my city, because  many people came to our city to visit . and,  they're    they're making a new   park next to . so, maybe the number of coming to a city is  getting more. yeah. so-so.because,  if new  park built,  so, many people come to the city. so, the city become more famous and more popular.  it means,  very happy to me. but  if people come to a city, train or road is very crowded. so it's a kind of trouble for me. yeah.  i had a six day holidays, but i think it's very normal.  it's no specials. . i went to nagano with my family.  actually i have my father,   to drive car. because,  only i and my father can drive, so if i didn't go there, my father need to drive  all way to nagano. it's very tough for him. so i helped..  it's very normal. so, not crowding not busy. so it's very fine.  my father  likes to ski, but i don't like to ski. so, i just stay in kind of the hotel. just stay and reading book. yes. i went to nagano to have a relax time..o k.  there is a snow mountain. and, many skier is here. and, as i said you before,  i don't like to ski  but, i used to like skiing. but, i went to skiing  many times, so it become kind of boring for me. but,    maybe they can enjoy skiing. it's very nice. and,  these children have a kind of  of snowball. it looks so funny. and,  yeah. i used to do this kind of thing.  yes. that's all. yeah. i think it's very similar to nagano. i think this picture is very normal. so   the skier, and a lift, a kind of house. i think it's very similar..  it's kind of difficult question. i liked skiing because of my father,   but  i am more like, . sorry. i like to rowing boat because i belonged to rowing boat when i was a university student. so, i like rowing boat better than ski.no.  i want to do some sports, but, i have no time to do. so,    i don't do that..yes.  i want to go to abroad to have a fun, but  i don't know the information of foreign country.  where should i go?  which country of europe?.  how about england?why do you recommend europe to me?.europe is  cheapest tour? how about in united states or australia or asian country?so, europe is the cheapest one.but,  i want to go asian country. please tell me about asian country.  which country is most popular in asia?.i don't know about malaysia. please tell me, or     sorry, what is there,  in malaysia?.  so, i want to go malaysia. can i  buy malaysia tour now? o k. i want to know when  malaysia tour is cheapest.  when is the cheapest? april. o k. so, i'll be here two or three weeks later. . no. latest trip is going to nagano. i have been wisconsin for one month from the last  end of august and end of decemberto study english.  it was first time for me to live in the foreign country.   at the beginning of staying, i couldn't speak english at all. so, it's kind of trouble and  stress for me. but, second half of staying in the united states, very interesting and good experience for me. one day last week, i was walking with my girlfriend. and, we hear little sound. and,  we checked the boxes. there is a  one cat. and, she want take it to my home, but i didn't like to take it to my home. but, she really liked it, and  i have no reason to reject   her interesting. so, we will take it my home.yes.i have one pet.  it is dog.  his name is paul. how. just playing with him and sleeping with him. he likes to sleep and,  he sleeping all the day, almost two-thirds of day. yeah.yes. i think so.what?  because of pet, we can have a kind of fun. and,  he's very cute. so, when  i'm with him, i can relax and,  i can have  kind of fun.  i think having pet is very nice for our lives.yes. he's very small.  to have him outside is very dangerous and he likes my family very much. yeah, sometimes. i don't have other problems, but sometimes,  we need clean  my house, maybe more often than you. thank you very much.no, i don't have plans. but, i need study, because i have  reading test. reading and hearing test.yes. on  next wednesday. so, i need study. i couldn't get a  good score last time, so  i need to get a good score.thank you very much.