good afternoon. my name is .sure.i'm fine. you?yes. after school,  i don't have any plans, so i just gonna go home and relax. no, i don't. but  i'm a third year, so i don't think any  people belongs to any club any more.. when i was in america, i belonged to tennis club. yeah. summer of two-thousand two. i like it because  my parents doesn't have to take me anywhere by car because i can take trains. but i don't like how it's crowded and  it seems little busyin japan. i like going out with my friends or  staying at home and read magazines. . books. i read many, like fashions or maybe entertainment.   . i think there are more advertisement in american magazine compared to japanese magazines.  my dad   he's a salary man.  but he works for a company where like there are many  companies in different countries. so  he goes to other countries such as like u. s. a's and   few weeks ago he visited  hungary. my mom is   she does a part-time job teaching  young children english.  and she likes playing tennis, too. just a little but not much. i think my mom's  life change because she started working part-time job. and my dad   change because  his    working place is little bit far from  my house compared to  our house in america. so sometime  he come back home little tired  because of the crowded trains.. this is a classroom with   a teacher teaching. i think it's a math class. but  not much students are listening because i can see people who are  eating gum and looking out the window and girls chatting. and she has her makeup on her desk and the mirrors. and there are a boy who is listening to music, he's drinking  soda.    only a boy is listening to a teacher because i can see he is taking a note. but a boy next to him is,  i think, doing e-mails by using his cell phone. and   i think that's .. . .  and we don't drink soda or any drinks during class. and  although we do some discussions,  we are not gonna chat and we don't have our makeup out in our desk. and we are never gonna listen to our music when you have class. not . first, i think she should tell students to  concentrate on the class. and i think she should  make more class interesting by not using only books but maybe try to do worksheets or  ask students questions. ..yes. i think   i like wearing uniform because it's kind of represent we are from one school and we have like unity  school.  and i like how our uniform is not like set completely. like we don't have to wear certain socks or certain shirts but we get to choose. so i think that's the way, how we show our characteristic in this school.. regulation.  basically we have to respect other people and  we have to wear uniforms,  and   we are not allowed to ride bikes to school. have to walk or use trains. and other rules are just like basic stuff like we are not allowed to do, like listen to music during class. it doesn't say in our handbook, but it's  kind of we know it, we have to do. .    not o k, but  so    they don't tell us we can't do that but we just know it so we don't do it. ..o k.o k..o k.right. . i just bought this  outfit few days ago. but  i just don't  it. so may i have it paid back or exchange it?? o k. so  you can't return money for me? then  are there any other options that you can do? because  i thought it was  under these lights, it was different from my house. and when i was at home where it was little brighter, i thought the color was little different. and this store here is a little bit darker than my house, so it was kind of different than i thought.  i couldn't help it.yes. i tried it on but still the brightness of this store and the outside in house  was different. so i couldn't see the true color. very much..   ?.same. i would like  the shirt with same price,, please.o k.thank you very .yes, i .  no. but  i don't think so because i always wear , check  to make sureif it fits me.i like going shopping with my mother because some of friends have different taste  in fashion with me. but i don't like going alone because there are no one to advise whether i look good in it. so and i trust my mom to say. soi like going shopping with my mother..  it depends on how much i want it but if i really want it, i think i'm gonna buy it. so i don't have to regret.o k.o k..o k. o k.  last week,  my friend and i decided to go camping. so we packed our stuff and we got ready and went to the mountain. when we reached the mountain,  what we first did was     we build our house. and we cooked. and  we got ready and we had so much fun. but few hours later, it started raining. so i told my friend we should go home. but my friend said  "no, it's not a big deal. so we should stay.". so we decided to stay. but an hour later, it got worse and everything started to blow and we couldn't stay here any more. so we  got in our car and started driving. after we drove for a few minutes, we saw a hotel. so we decided to stay at hotel   that night. so we checked in and  we had  so much fun in the hotel. and we just relax and had a cup of coffee. not very .   i used to be in a girl scout but i did not have a  very good experience in there. because  i went canoeing one time, but it was kind of awful because  i couldn't swim. so since then i don't like camping and  outdoor . because  my friend was in it. and it was  not only outdoor activities.   she said we gotta sell cookies and we're gonna  play with little children. so i thought it was interesting. it was interesting but not only . everything except canoeing was very fun.i think so. you can experience so much things and    you can't experience by yourself. so i think it was very good.thank .o k.thank you.. between the christmas and new year's, so twenty-seventh to twenty-ninth, i went to my grandparents' house in .yes.  i haven't met them since about three years ago..thank you.