 i'm . meet you.how? .subway.. actually, it was like    my apartment to the station, it was like five minutes walking.and  i took train for  fifteen minutes.and i came here  walking. .yeah. that was not too bad. .yeah. i usually like ride a motorcycle, to school but it was raining yesterday.so i left my motorcycle  school. so,i didn't take it today.. i live in koenji.yeah.. well, actually, i just started live in koenji like two months ago. so i don't know very much about  . it's actually very good place to live.     it's like   mixture of traditional and a modern culture, i think.yeah. actually, i used to live in like kami-igusa. you know ? it's like   kind of far away from here.   i used to live in kami-igusa for two years. and after that, i went to the united states for one year. living in indianapolis . back here to tokyo,and started to live in koenji... . in here?. i study english literature mostly.yeah. i major in english literature but  i am thinking about going to graduate school after i graduate from university.and  if i go to  graduate school, i think i'm gonna major in communication or journalism or anything like that. yeah.i'm not sure though.my hobby?  well, i like to listen to music. i like to watch movies. i like to ride motorcycle.  and  i like to read books.   . any kind. i like to read  even cartoons and  comic books and   novels and  mysteries.yeah..well,  actually,  there are so many comic books.and , you know, everybody has his or her own taste.so i don't know if my taste, like very good for you or not. . .     "silent service". like he's writing about the war situation.and a submarine .yeah.yeah. it's a very, very long story ,it's a really complicated story. so it's kind of hard to explain ,but it's very interesting. yeah.. ..describe? how?. . . this is a cat lying on a car.and  these two womens are chatting on the street.and  one of them has a dog. and    here is a man running on the street.here's a man reading a newspaper. and it looks like this is a small town or something.and  many people live here. . it's a really peaceful town, i think. and these kids are playing with ball.and  these are two dogs, looking at each other.and     yeah,  yeah, it's a really peaceful town. and  i don't think it's really a center of downtown or anything.it's probably a suburb of any city, i think.o k??  what is that?. yeah.. i did. . no. actually, it was not.because  actually, the place i was living was indianapolis. and it was no really big city.and  it was no really small town. . it was kinda, you know, middle-class .and    there was pretty many people  living around my neighborhood. but    indianapolis didn't look like this because indianapolis was really, really cold region.  yeah. it was almost freezing.. so  this picture looks like, you know, it was pretty warm place to live. and  it is really nice climate. but indianapolis was really horrible, ,in terms of climate.yeah. it was cold.yeah.indianapolis?.   let me see.  well,  i don't know if it's very good as an answer.but i think  the most exciting, interesting thing i thought was, probably, i met a lot of people from all over the world.and  i made a lot of friends from overseas.and that was the most important   for me, ...yeah....o k. yeah. sure. yes. actually, i had a reserved seat of the train which  just left,from this station. and  i was supposed to get on the train.  actually,  i'm kind of late to get . so i couldn't get on the train. . but i still have this ticket. so could you please get me back  for ?. . yeah. i was pretty busy. i mean   i took another train to come here.and  this was supposed to be on time to arrive here.but it was actually kind of late.five minutes late.  if the train was not late,  i could get the train. i think   i have nothing bad .and  i think i deserve to get back my money. so  can i talk to another person who is responsible for that?yeah. sure. thanks. really?o k. . yeah. sure. actually, after i was staying at indianapolis,for  ten months,i traveled around the united states for  three months.yeah. and  it was awesome experience. .the most? i liked san francisco most.  actually, this is a very famous city.and  before i went there, i thought it must be so big city.but it was actually pretty big city. but it was not really a huge city. it was pretty compact.  but a lot of people live there.  and  actually, people over there were, like pretty diverse.  people from all over the world. people of  like many races. and  there are so many cultures from all over the world in  small one city.and  it was really interesting.and  i made a lot of friends in san francisco. so, yeah, if i live in united states again, i hope i can live in san francisco. yeah.yeah.thank you.yeah. sure....  can i start with "one day last week," bla, bla, bla?.  . and   am i assigned the person i'm supposed to be?. o k.  so one day last week, i was driving a car. and  i was driving as usual. but there was a motorcycle riding against me. and  actually, he was not only riding a motorcycle. he was actually talking on the phone as well  with somebody. and   i think he was careless at all. and  i was driving as usual. so i had no fault at all. but  actually, we clashed. i clashed into the motorcycle. and  the motorcycle was kind of broken. and the guy who was riding motorcycle talked to me. and  he blamed me for   the loss of his motorcycle. and  a policeman came to check the accident. and   i told the policeman that the motorcycle guy was talking on the phone when he was, like riding a motorcycle. and  i explained everything. and   i explained that i was not responsible for the accident, he was.     and  policeman understood the situation. and  he talked to  somebody on the phone. and  he called for a truck. and   a truck  came to the place of the accident. and  the truck towed the motorcycle away..yeah. sure... yeah. actually, i have a license but i don't have a car. . yeah. if i have opportunity, i .yeah.well, actually  not like this though. i had an accident two or three years ago. i was riding motorcycle. and actually, in that situation, i was just careless. and i clashed into a car.yeah. . well, my motorcycle went broken.and  the car i clashed into was also broken as well a little bit. and  the driver of the car and  i were both, like safe at all.and      we were both fine. so we didn't go to hospital or anything. but we talked to each other and  make solution like paying money or something. yeah..well, it went kind of trouble. but, pretty fine, i think.yeah.thank you..weekend? well, actually,   i just started to live in tokyo.and    my room is not very organized yet. i think i'm working on it..yeah.yeah. thank you.thank you. sure.