yes. my name is .nice to meet you, too. i live in  city.. about one and a half hours. yes.  i have a one sister,  and my parents.   we live together. she works at a construction company.  i don't know what  exactly she  does  there. i work for a computer manufacturing company.  my office    locates in . and  actually it's next to the .   so when there're concerts held, there are lots of people  walking around. it's very crowded. since i  graduated  university, so about nine years.     actually i got  transferred about two years ago.  but you know,  i'm   every day the same work.   yeah, it's just fine.well actually,   i like the current one  better. because it's very convenient. there are many the restaurants around there. so there are    many restaurants. but i can say that   i've been to the all of the every restaurant  near office.so it's a very good  opportunities.  there are many  buffet-style  restaurants. and the  one    i like best is the one  at the     prince hotel  shopping plaza.and it's in the basement of the prince hotel. and   it's only  one thousand yen and all-you-can-eat style lunch buffet.   that is very good. i will recommend you. well  recently,   last week, i went there twice.and  on the top of the   prince hotel,  there is a   dessert buffet.and  it is    sixteen hundred yen. and  this month,  they have the strawberry fair.  yeah, it's nice.. it's on the forty-second floor on the top of the prince hotel..sure.   it is  in a room. and a woman sitting  on  a chair. and on this room,  there are two animals. one dog and one cat. and  there are  p cs. and a  stereos, phones. and it's nine, probably, a. m.and it is june. it's very tidy room. yes.  seems like her room is much larger than mine.and   i have a p c,   but  my p c  . it's broken so  yeah,   it does not   do harm for the p c.  and    usually,   on the week days, of course i work. so   but maybe this is saturday or sunday.  i'm not quite sure, probably she's student. but  usually,  when i'm at room,  it's night.so i don't really  see the  sunlights  from the window.? pardon?.  no, no, no.  it's on a  , so usually  from the heat,  it will suffer but  the  is broken.  so it's o k for the p c. yeah, it's winter, but i can't use it for . computer?  because  there is  a fan   inside this   p c,    i don't know how it will really functions.  but  the computer itself generates heat.so   there is a fan to  cool off the computer. so   if it's got     hot,   it will do the   harmful things to the p c.just like a refrigerator or something.sure. yes.   i want to  buy a ticket to new york. and i want to go there as soon as possible.so what kind of a ticket should i buy?o k. how's  cost? .  so   o k. so can i have  one ticket for the new york  using that express train?three hours ? no.  no.  is there any other trains?.     how long does it take?from here to new york? but it's faster compared with the express train   if i wait for three hours. right?so, o k, i will get that ticket..fifty dollars?o k.  here's the cash. thanks.. i went to new york ,last autumn..   i didn't take the regular trains but i took  mostly subways. and it's very convenient  because   you hear a lot of rumors about the subways because   it's very dangerous and very dirty.  when i first get into the  station of the subway,i felt like i was in a movie.    because   i  like to watch the american movies, and   many movies are filmed in new york city.and,  yeah, it's really kind of very, really experience.  but  it was not that bad.  it's not   that clean as the  subway in tokyo.but it's fairly o k. there,  i rode on subway on a night, too,   after watching musicals or operas. but  it's just fine.     from the broadway to the hotels,     all the people  from the times square,     most of the people after watching the musicals.so it's the other tourists.so it's just    o k. o k.o k.  last week,  i went for shopping at the department store in .  i wanted to buy a birthday       for my  uncle. and  i wanted buy him  a nice necktie. and i found a green necktie  which  will be  very suitable for him. so i bought there and paid.   but on the way back to my home,  actually      on a same department store,   i found  a sale which says  thirty percent off of the   shoes. and then, i found the fifty percent off of the   clothing. so  actually,  when i went there,  i just wanted to buy a  birthday present. but i also  bought  a shoes and  a suit  for me. and i left the  department store.last present?     actually   i bought a souvenir from new york  at the duty-free shop. i bought    a   some of the cosmetics  .  it's very hard to choose there are wide varieties.so what i  bought is the one that  which has  many colors   in a one   single  pen and   it is for the make ups.    and it is   one of the most   expensive kinds, so i thought   my friend will be pleased.  lately, i don't .   i already got a lot.   but   in new york, i bought  a t-shirt because  the calvin klein is very famous.   is   locates   at centers in new york. so i bought t-shirt for my  co-workers,   no,  no, no, no, no, for myself, too.o k. only  a week. yes.  'cos actually, i won  the ticket.  ?  the plane ticket  at the  drawings..yeah.      i bought three thousand yen worth of video cassette of sony.and i entered  into the prize contest,and i won. .thank you.