good morning.my name is .yes.nice to meet you, too. it's fine. you know, i'm still student so  it's very hard to get up early.but i live in . and it takes more than one hour to come here so..on the train?  i just slept. almost three years. because, you know,  my university is located in . so  personally, i'm, you know, originally from   so  i became the university student, i came to . it's good place. you know, it's little bit boring. , because, you know, i spent three years already so i just want to move another city . . it's  very beautiful city. .because, you know,   many trees and nice parks and good places. but, you know, compare with you know,  is more convenient. you know, the metro lines and, you know,  's transport is better than .. area. you know, very congested. but i'm get used to it already so it's not really a problem for me.but, you know,  is   very convenient but  little bit different from  area, like pronunciation  .and, you know,  i think the people is also different from  area.school life? my school life is almost finished in  already. and i got all credit as well. so now  i'm not spending so much school life right now.  you know,  i'm doing part-time job   to  earn money. so    this is last year, so i want to travel  around the world.  you know, so i'm not going to school so muchright now.part-time job? i'm working at a hotel. you know, a hotel restaurant as a waiter.  and, you know, it's, you know, very hard. because  for the breakfast, we have to start working about six o'clock in the morning. and when we work at night time, i have to finish my job about eleven or twelve o'clock at night. so it's very hard job.problem??   some customers,  you know, is very difficult tohandle with.  but  you know, some customers are pretty good and very friendly. and if we gave nice service, then they will be very happy, so i'm very happy, too. but, you know, still it's very difficult.free time?.   i have played soccer  more than ten years. so  free time, i still join soccer club and play soccer. and world cup  was started. and it was, you know  good time. but it's almost finished,  yeah,   i'm little bit sad about it . because it has been big festival you know, pretty good but, you know, i'm now really sad..yes.o k.the teacher is a woman and probably teaching mathematics.  some students are concentrated on this class. but most them are not.  i think it's not  school because  the student age looks like different. some of them are looks like in getting pretty older and some of them are pretty young. and, you know, some probably the  oldest man  is . and another younger man  is drinking. and some young girl is talking each other. so they don't really concentrated on this. maybe the mathematics, the content  looks like difficult. you know, it's  thing. i don't like as well. and teacher  don't care much about the students' concentration. simply she did the lesson. and  i don't know she cares either, you know, the students is understanding or not.  i think that   she just did and you know, not caring much about this.  but, you know, it's looks like a pretty new school as well. because, you know, she's got the portable phone. but when i was a student, like in high school age,  portable phone. it's  looks   pretty recently, looks like.   . high school? actually, i spent high school years in netherlands. because my father was transfered to netherlands for three years. so i spend three years in netherlands. so  you know, of course, it's pretty  different from this picture.  but you know, in general, you know, we had a school uniform. and this picture, you know, don't have  school uniform. so it's little bit different. and also  of course, we don't have portable phone.  we were not allowed to put the earphone as well.  but, you know,   the lesson  they are doing, like mathematics, it's stressing.  probably, i did the same thing, you know, probably, the same thing as well. i can't remember right now, but  probably, i did the same thing.and  it's a difference,  and  of course, we went to school for the  same age.attitude? my school was in  pretty, you know, hard school, you know. because it was international and everyone  has to study very hard it, you know. so attitude is of course  and     you know, if we do not study very hard, so attitude is very good.  very . and teacher was very strict, so if we do not concentrate, then, you know, she  you know,  start getting angry.  the attitude looks like pretty different from the picture. yeah. but it was very hard, too. because, you know, i first went to netherlands  when i was, you know, fifteen years old. so you know, it's very older. so we have to memorize  words to, you know,  we already did in japanese. but, you know, i didn't know how to say in english. so like "photosynthesize" or, you know, "cell" or every single words, memorize again in english. so it was very hard as well.thank you..thank you.should i telephone?o k.  excuse me?. my name is . .hello.. when i came backmy window was broken. so could you repair it as soon as possible?why not? . you know,   i know you're really  busy. but you know, when window is  broken, it's very hot. but, you know, some insect  it's coming in. so please, you know, repair it soon. of course, you don't have to,  you can just call the . so can you do it?for today? can you do it tomorrow? ..my aunt?  but, you know, please do it as soon as possible. because you know, we are paying for the apartment, you know.you know?window it's, you know, trouble, .and we are not paying for the broken windows so..   plastic bag?      for today, it's o k plastic bags.but for tomorrow, are you sure that we can't repair ?.  can you ask anyone else for repairment?    can you ask   anybody else like  some professionals. you know,  it's broken, so it's very difficult to repair by yourself. so anyway, socan you just call for professional to repair them?o k. please. so can you bring  plastic bags right now?.o k. fine.o k. fine. thank you.see you later. bye.you're welcome. .?yeah. air conditioning was broken .and it was also same trouble but, you know, they repaired, you know, well. you know, what should i say  the one who  rent  my house.it's company. but, you know, they repair  very quickly so it was very fine.  you know, because, you know, in july, it's very hot.without the air conditioning. it's very difficult to survive, so.it was very good.. it's, you know, . .   from parents, you know,   all they can do is just call for once a week or so. so, you know, in general, we can do things we want. because, you know, we drink and go back by morning or  you know,   we can do anything we want to do.that's, you know, pretty enjoyable.  you know, sometimes  when i watch a t v  you know, by myself only so, you know, there is no person to talk with, so, you know, sometimes i feel ...o k.one day last week, a man was driving a car. should i say a man or? .a man was driving a car. and also, at the same time,  another man was driving motorbikes  but, you know, the man  driving motorbike was also  calling with girlfriend or something. and   he was also talking  during driving. so, you know, he's not very concentrated on the way . and unfortunately, then, the car and motorbikes was crashed. and  when it crashed, the portable phone was falling down. and  it was actually broken.  because it was broken, and also motorbikes was little bit broken. it doesn't looks like, you know, all broken. so partially broken. and   two men were getting angry, you know, of course.and because, you know, for the man driving a car,  the bad person was  the man  driving, you know, motorbikes. because, you know, he was . but for the man driving the motorbikes is the  bad  one is the driving car. because he broke the motorbikes and the portable phone. probably, portable phone's not broken, i think.  you know, you got all the data   telephone number for every friends or so.  maybe  he'll lost . and  therefore, they called police and, you know,  they said to policeman what they want to say about trouble. and finally, you know,    policeman made a document, you know, decide which one is bad, which one is  problematic. and finally, the motorbike was carried by trucks.  and the man driving motorbike was standing alone for looks like  this result.  that's the end of story. ..yes.in netherlands transport is pretty bad. but compare with other european countries, it's pretty good. it's said, you know, it's pretty good. train late, you know, train's  they say. but, you know, for japanese,  it's totally different from the european .because, you know, when we, you know, travel japan, the  train always comes very accurate by about one or two minutes for each.but, you know, in the netherlands, five minutes late is, you know, usual. five minutes late isusual.  but, you know, in european country, it's always the case.  if go to   southern country like france or spain or greece,  you know, .you know, for the european people,  dutch train network is pretty good. but, you know,  you know,  i went to school by the train and buses. so buses are always, you know, pretty accurate and very convenient. but, you know, for the train, you know, five minutes late is usual. so  if we go to school,   you know, i sometimes became late for school as well  because transport network. you know,   you have an excuse, so, you know, it wouldn't be really problem.thank you..... surely, it's last time.  i'm planning to go to the europe again. so probably like spain to the italy by  mediterranean sea. . for spain, it's the second time. i've been to granada city area and the cordova   you know, about two years ago with my family. but this time, i'm going with my friends. and i travel  by train. because, you know, i cannot drive the left-handle car. and also, i cannot use the mission car, probably. because  you know, i got the mission license but you know, there is no chance toyou know, use the mission car in japan. almost no chance. it's  so  i'm afraid little bit to drive the mission car. so i probably  use the train to travel around. and from spain, i will go to france and go to beaches and, in fact, there are very good beaches in france, and . so finally, i'll go to rome and go back to japan. so, you know, about three weeks long. so probably, it's the last time to go such a long time to go to travel..thank you..