good evening.yes. my name is .yes. please call me .around this time? usually, i work,  at my  office..   i'm running some companies.  companies.yes. several companies.yes. that's right.. one time. that's very difficult because many division  are different  system, and the different way, and different person, and everything are different.  i mean, for example,  my company has  just logistic company. and  also transportation company.  and  ceremony center,  swimming school. that's  so complete different. so, sometimes very difficult, but i enjoy work very much.. i see. .  only some of people are little different to treat me or  another man.  like  even i'm a top, even though,   first guest, like    before maybe we met each other, but that person usually never forget to me because i'm a woman.yeah, but   sometimes,  first time,  guest,  " i'd like to meet your boss.". that's, , you know. yeah, and  "i am", i said, and "what?". so little different, like  compare to japan and united states, i think. but recently, not so bad.yeah.. not, not at all.. since last year,     i move to the swimming pool. and mainly, i stay in swimming pool's office.. . one of my hobbies are work. and another,  of course,  i like dancing,    go to  shopping, and  maybe things like   go to see opera or ballet. . but usually, i enjoyed work very much, so no problem.work is the best  for me,  one of my hobbies.. usually,   four hours.i don't think so. but i don't have enough time. so no choice.even in the dream,  sometimes   work, here. .o k.  i think  this is a school, and  the teacher  teaching the students  for  mathematics. and most of people are not interested in that  math lesson. so  one of men,   i don't know how to say in english, but    the man is drinking   a bottle of juice. and  another lady  is  playing   caluculator, i think. and  two of students are chatting each other.  only one person  who has yellow hair  he just a  maybe  he is trying to concentrate. . but i think he can't. and i don't know how to say in, to make up     gum? . yeah. but    teacher is continuing to teach math  to use  black board.yes.. high school student. . when    i was a high school student,  teacher  was so strict. and nobody  like that action. . i think recently, in many schools' teacher and also student are  not so good because the teacher also doesn't want to study so much, just same teaching. and  also the student  are not concentrate to study  because most of people has a cellular phone, and  always  on and  usually  talking  with  cellular phone. that's why the teacher also can't  concentrate to teach to them. so i can't believe that situation.o k..o k.ring-ring. hi.hi, hello, .. .? i'm sorry. didn't i call you before?. i'm so sorry. . i'm totally misunderstood. . dinner party is  tomorrow night.i'm so sorry. . and  today, i was very busy   until now. now, i've just arrived home.. i'd like to, but  now already ten o'clock. and usually i can't sleep a lot,  maybe if you don't mind, i'd like to go to bed early tonight. is it possible?.  i really like to you, but     could you raincheck? very sweet. . . but  i think i can't come tonight. and, also i have a little stomachache. . so  please   . i don't know what to say.thank you so much.of course, certainly.thank you very much.thank you for calling. bye.. difficult.. at my house?. yes. . but   i can't drink any alcohol beverages. so sometimes,  a little difficult to refuse the alcohol. most of people can drink. and   i try to  drunk only a little. but  i pass out. so after that,  the doctor said you have a really bad allergy,  so you can't drink..  first of all, i say "i'm sorry i have allergy for alcoholic beverages. . so  can i have  oolong tea?". and after that,  many people, "no, no, no, only a little.". so i said "i'm so sorry, i'd like to, but after that,  can you responsible to me?".  most of the people said, " o k, o k."..one day last week,  this is me?. o k. . i and my boyfriend  were walking on the street. and i noticed the  miaow miaow from the box. and  i told  my boyfriend,  and he is "no,   i can't hear" and "no way, can you hear that?". ". yeah, yeah, yes.". . but   i said  " can i bring him to the house?". and he said ". it's a little difficult.". "but now today, it's raining, so   can you leave this cat in here?". . ". that's very difficult, but  o k, o k.". "  if you don't,   i don't want to move here, so  you can leave now," i said. and he is really upset, and confused. . finally he said "o k. .  we can raise him  at our house.". " that's very kind. o k. shall we go back?". and we were holding the cat.in the rain.very much. i have a two cats, two dogs.yes.and i have a cellular phone.and  that's    title  my cats'  pictures, photograph, many photographer.. sometimes, when i arrive home, nobody there, but cat or dogs are barking and miaow miaow, and feels so friendly. and when i have  strong stress,  they  cured  the stress. and when i see their  acting,  it makes me very happy.so cute.. i think so.yeah. actually, one of cat, about four days ago, he  ran out. so  i couldn't concentrate to work. and when i'm really really busy,  not so bad. but after that, when i see other cat or dog,  i miss him so much.  and   that is pyonkichi  and i called phyonkichi, phonkichi, phonkichi,  like  crazy.o k.?  tonight, i have to go back to my office.not have to, but i'd like to.because tomorrow,  so many guests. so i have to  prepare for everything.and fourteenth in this month,  we have a general meeting. . so,  i have  prepare  for that document. that's why i would like to go back to the office tonight.o k.thank you so much.thank you.