yes.my name is .nice to meet you.. i'm a little sleepy. . yesterday i  was at home all day  and all day i had sleep. and at night, i watched t v at . so  i'm sleepy now.. i live in . and i was born  in , and i was six years old, i moved to .yes, my family is four people. mother, father, little brother and me. and i have one dog.. our dog is    not blue, , brown and white dog. and the kind is pointer because my father's hobby is hunting.so pointer is hunting dog. so my father bought a dog.. sometimes i take him to the park, and run with him..my hobby is traveling. and last week,  i went to kyoto. and next week, i'm going to go to   peking.. because   i'm a student of university, and my professor study in peking. so i'm going to visit him..my  second language is spanish.. spanish is difficult.  pronunciation is so . and r pronunciation is .thank you very much.yes.  . it is sunny day. and  in the center of this picture,   there is one house. and the children is playing. one girl is . and two boys are playing ball. and  like a mother   two ladies are talking with. and one car is  stopping. and one man is running road.  and one  old man is reading newspapers.no.yes. my house is   like a   many houses. and  there is one big park. and the name is kiwa park. there is one big museum, and one big pond   like a lake. and big bridge is there.and  our town is called . so     is  . yes.yes.. hello. this is .hi.    i'm sorry, shall we go to the movie?. i want to go to  the movie to shibuya. and    i'm sorry,   what kind of movie do you want to see?any kind is o k?so i want to see "doraemon".  do you like ""?so  we go to the  shibuya to see a "doraemon" movie..  where do we meet?  . so let me see. hachi dog.? so in front of the hachi dog.and the time is one p.m..what time do you want to see?three.. .o k. at three o'clock, we are going to meet you  at   shibuya, hachi dog.  ?  what kind of traffic   do you go to shibuya?yamanote line?. me, too.  . let's go to  the movie at three p m.and  in front of hachi dog..  thank you very much.see you later.bye.. yes.  i went to   " god hidden".  i went to there three times.i love it.yes. i went alone three times. and  now, i want to go to  "harry potter and philosopher's stone". this is open this weekend. so i bought a three tickets. so i go to there.. the boy is pretty. and  that type of movie is interesting.. .  i watched movie at home is the screen is small, and the light is on.  and if  i want to take drinks, the movie is stop, and  i go to kitchen, and drink, and  return the room, and stop playing. it's flexible.  but at the theater, if i go  to rest room, but the screen is going on. so i can't go to the restroom as i watched new movie all the time. it's not flexible. .yes.yes. one day last week, one girl and one boy was walking at the street. suddenly,  he heard  crying sound. and she watched a box, and she open the box. there was  a little cat. so she want to  take cat to the house, but the boy,  he couldn't, he said. but she want to take the cat to the house. he was confused, but  she and he took the cat to the house.thank you..  someone left the cat because the man can't take the cat.. i want to do this, but    our  house  has a one dog. dog and cat, we can't take care. so i can't take the cat to the house. if  i return to the house, the dog shake his tail, and he want to play  with me. but the  bad point, we take him to the park or the street to his restroom. his exercise is , very much because he gained a lot of weight. so it's weak point.but  for me, i must exercise so dog is very  essential.  yes. .   i go to kichijoji to see a  red leaves at inogashira park.of course i'm alone. .no.  last month,  i decided to say good-by. next month is christmas.. .thank you .