..yeah..nice to meet you, too.good. thanks.yes. it's very hot. no. it's too humid, i think..on hot days? maybe, go to swimming..yes. yes. i guess it was nice week. as   last week, i   went out and  had a big dinner at a pretty expensive  restaurant. yeah.. what do i do?  i am a student.and  i'm going to a school about three or four  days a week.. i  major in accounting. and, yes, i'd like to  work as an accountant .. i think  accounting is something   which is very  professional job. and i can work    for whole my life. .yes. and i like numbers, .yeah. hobbies? yes. i sometimes go to  movies. actually,  i'm going to movie  this week to see  "chocolat". yeah.i think it's gonna be a good movie..  i see   active . and  i like love stories, too.. ... .  it's unusual. and it's not a daily life story. . yeah... i have mother, father and one big brother and little brother.so  i live with  four members. and  most of them have a work. i mean,  my father and my big brother goes to work from early morning until late at night. and my little brother goes to high school. and he's also  with his  sports  activities and also his studies.so my mother is staying at home alone all the time. ..yeah.  there are  six students in this classroom. and the teacher is teaching, i think it's mathematics. and,     in the first row, two students are studying hard. but one of them is   falling asleep. and,  from the second rows,  students  are having a drink and talking to a friend. so i guess this is a noisy classroom  and  it seems like most of the students are not working hard.and the teacher doesn't seems to be angry.  maybe,  she is used to this situation all the time. ...yeah. i used to like math. but  i don't study math at university..    i lived in  australia. and   their math class  were separated into  four classes    with the students' level. and,   because i like  i was in the top class. and  most of the students were  asian students. and,  yes, they were always very keen to study. and  my math teacher was  very kind, polite teacher. and,  yeah, i real enjoyed the math ..   this is a very hard situation for the students who wants to study hard. ....o k.. yes.  i bought  this   skirt  about  two days ago. and i tried on  in my  home. but  it seems like it's  too small for me. and    i would like you to   change to  another skirt, or, maybe,   pay back money. . could i do that?.  but,  when i bought this skirt,  i didn't  tried it on. .and,  of course, i haven't used it, . you know, i haven't worn it. ?.      changing room was full of people when i bought this skirt. and  i didn't have  enough time. so, you know,  it was not my fault, i think.i mean,  the changing room was full. and  if there was enough space,    i tried it on. but i couldn't wait for the people who were  shopping. . ..o k..yes. .o k.thank you.yeah.yeah...shopping?  there were not as many as clothes or  other goods in australia compared with  japan.and    the shops were very limited, and  the older clothes was very cheap at the . so i could easily   get a clothes  with my pocket money. but   it was pretty hard to find a   suitable one. i mean, the size were very big. so  i had to go to  children's ..   especially, when i have to buy a bottom clothes  like  pants or skirt, it was always too big for . ..yeah....yes..o k.one day last week,   i went to the station. and    it was  early   in the morning. and  there were so many people, and the station was very crowded. and  i was standing  behind a man. but  he suddenly   moved his hands. so i dropped my bag  to  railway. and       because it was  very early in the morning, there were all of  trains  coming in. and  i had no time to jump into   railway and  pick it up. so  i had a little argument  with the man who dropped   my bag.  meanwhile,    suddenly, the train came in. and i thought      my bag would be broken. .    yes, but,     when the train moved, i found my bag safe. so,  at the end, i asked the   train person  to pick my back safely. and he   to me .yep. i was lucky..traffic accident? .i don't think so.    i remember, one day,  at  near shinjuku.that one man dropped into the railway. and  two other young men and  a cameraman  helped them. and,  unfortunately,   all killed.yeah. in this picture,  the man was talking to  another man. and he didn't recognize that  there was a man  behind him. . and  he seems to be happy, and, you know,    he had a lot of gestures. so  he didn't mean to  drop the man's bag, but it was an accident..thank you..yes..yes.  i'm going to  from september.. as an exchange student. i have to write a graduate thesis  before i go to .i have to be very with working   on my graduate thesis.?  if i have time, i would like to  visit canada..yeah...