. my name is .., thank you. yourself?everyday.  i'm a part of marketing. and  i'm in charge of  skin care and deodorant. and we have   and  ,here in japan for that category.yes. . skin care is  moisturizers, lotion, milky lotion   and also cleansing.  is known as a cleansing  product.but now, we are  looking  to expand  into skin care much more than before.i live in . it's  edge of . it's quite close to  . the nearest station is . do you know? you can see a big white statue.it's called ..  i'm married.and have two kids. both are daughters. eight years and five years old.my daughter? my elder daughter is quite energetic. and  she wants everything. for example,   when, you know, my wife and me, you know, talking about things like  "would you like to go to   a kind of  the  secondary school something like that?".  or "  are you interested in ballet or something like that?".     she accepts  everything. and  she is quite    intelligent, i think. from my point of view. i don't know.yeah. but  the second daughter, she is quite quiet.  she is very different from the .  is the older daughter. and the  is the second one.yeah. but   she is much more feminine.and she takes care of family quite well. although she is quite .i'm one of those. and  yeah,  i think she wishes to be   i don't know, but  maybe doctor or something like that.because she is interested in taking care of people.or maybe nurse of something. i don't know.i don't know. but it's  all about learning. because it's everyday. and  you can see the changes  how they, you know, progress. and   i don't know.   i haven't thought about it. but anyway,  it's very interesting. and  enjoyable to be with the daughters and also, of course, with . weekends?  we quite often go outside. because  i have been  a part of a boy scout for quite a  long years. . about more than  twenty years.yeah. in the end, i became  a kind of master, of the team. so     i like going outside. so i like camping, hiking and so on. so i take them to the sea, mountains and so on. quite a lot of  good place  you know, to be  in   prefecture.yeah.i don't know. but  that's what i'm trying to do. yep.. i think this is a junior high school   in the u s, i think. because  they wear quite  casual   wear. and the teacher is  teaching   mathematics, i think. . but  it's not a good . because the only one is just  listening to what this teacher is, you know, talking about. and nobody else is really interested in. and   for example, one guy is  doing a  chewing gum,while she is speaking. and  two girls are talking about, i don't know, maybe  products. and another guy is  drinking  juice. i don't know. kind of   refreshments. and  listening to  i don't know,  the music. should be a walkman, i think..junior high school days?  all i remember is   just play with  my friends.yeah. at that time, the  american football   started becoming popularand we played it  every evening after the school..  .   i didn't work hard. but   i like the mathematics.   yeah, and also the science and so on.yeah.atmosphere?. it's very different. . because in here, everybody is very relaxed. but in my age, i think it's  very common that the teacher is very strict,and they didn't   allow us to talk about  you know,  the things. just we are forced to listen to what's teacher is speaking.yeah. very .yeah.yeah.  it's o k. because it's yellow. .  yeah.yeah. . i don't know if you remember me. but  i bought this  sun grasses the other day.  and  when tried it on,   i thought    this is good for me. but  actually, it didn't fit me. so  could you  change the sunglasses to the one that you ?yeah. i understand your policy. but  i quite often come here and  have bought  quite a lot of things. and  you know,  i think  i'm a  quite good  .  yeah,     or maybe  i can pay extra money    to buy one. another one. maybe... you can't decide?? right. o k.  you are hired.right. . may i speak to your manager, he is  available?.o k.yeah.thank you..how do i,?.  how do i choose.  right. .   o k. . the grasses should fit my face   in terms of the size. and also  the color is quite important.. and also the    maybe,  u v ray cut,  that is important, for my health. and also the shape.. contact lenses? i don't like to put something  onto my eyes. i don't like  do something, you know, direct.  i don't know. i have never tried  contact lenses. but maybe in the future, i don't know. but  'cause  i have very   bad condition  on my  left eye, i can't see, you know. so maybe  i should try just one lens for this one.i don't know.but  to me, it's convenient, quite..   yeah, because i'm used to  wearing grasses..yeah.yes..  sorry. is this  person myself?.o k. right. .  one day last week,    i went to the station  as usual to commute to go to the office. and  at the station,    as usual  there are many people on the platform. and two  businesspersons   you know, are talking about something.  and one guy  hit my  elbow. and i dropped my   attache case or business case. and   this guy   didn't apologize  me.  then  a train gets into the station. then i was surprised that   i don't know,   a train  was running over my suitcase.  however,    i was lucky that   sorry,  attache case was safe. because that was not on the rail.and   i don't know, another guy was picking that case  for me after that. .  ?. angry .  yeah. .  . o k. .  it's about business. and   once a month, we have a regular meeting to talk about  network of the project. the network means  you know,  i'm in charge of marketing. and   one role is  to deliver innovation. to  deliver innovation, we need to keep track of the actions. . we ask, you know, development team to deliver  the good products. and also   for the supply chain people,   supply chain is   something about the logistics and manufacturing and so on. and marketing chair  this meeting. and one time  in last autumn,   the one guy in the supplies chain who was responsible for a third party  management,   he didn't take  proper action. . what i mean is to control if the third party is  doing   proper job .   actually, the project itself was  doing quite well. but   on that part,   if the action was not taken properly,   we couldn't meet  the deadline. at that time,     i   angry about this person who are in the supply chain..yeah.but the reason why i was angry was that the  action is  kind of     sequence.because  someone else is  waiting for his action. . because what's happened was  we are doing trial production prior to the  actual  final production. and for that purpose,   the line in the factory  should have been fixed.but  at that time, another  manager who was in charge of process actually visited that, you know, third  party factory. and she found that   the line was not fixed. so actually,      she couldn't make   her job.so that sort of thing happens many ..yeah.thank you very .thank you very much.