. my name is .yes,  i was born in   city.   and     family home is  very near in this area.yes  but    when i have enter this company  my first  office was  and    office during about ten years.then, i have transferred this  office.. it's  very good, i think.  . so  i have better  just . but   now my house is   city.   is very good place.. my hobby is  reading books and  jogging and recently watching  the game  sports game. my favorite sports is soccer, football.. so  how long? about four or five kilometers every time.pardon? ? what? sorry, what do you like?. . . so  jogging make me so good feeling. and   open the  yeah, what to say?   sorry, make me good feeling.yes.  i have a wife, and   one son and one daughter.. my son  is fifteen years old and the daughter is  twelve years old.yeah.  she enter junior high school this month.   so for me and for our family,   first girl.   is  i have a brother so for our family, she is first girl. so, very  pretty .yeah.    this picture describe the    it's a sunny day and  i think maybe it's a saturday or sunday. it's a holiday.    every people is   so relaxing   a man  is jogging. and  maybe two wives  are talking about     something matters.  and    boys     play in the field   next to the house. yes.yes,   it may be  so same as this picture. but my house is not  such a bigger house. and  in front of my house  there are   a small forest in front of my house. and  the next   there is a shrine   . the road   in front of my house is very  much  road is  slope.o k.yeah  i would like to take a ticket to new york. and    the slowest way.   can you tell me?yeah,      .     sorry,   where can i take a ticket?right here?  thank you.   when is next train  to new york?   when is the departure time?one hour. thank you. o k. the train,    what time is  the arrival time  to new york?three? take time three hours? , thank you. o k. i will buy the ticket to new york.. non smoking, please.o k.yes,  several times.. yes,  in europe.very good, i think.. so  it was very beautiful sightseeing. .   maybe     we can not see the such a sightseeing in japan.    i went to  so  paris   i went to france and switzerland and   i     from paris to . and  finally from  to rome, over the alps mountains. very, very, good, beautiful sightseeing.o k .   one day last week,    the father and son  went to the restaurant in the down town. so   in the restaurant,    i think  the father invites the son   restaurant for      it's a very good restaurant, so  maybe the son    have not went to the such a restaurant.  so      maybe the father said  whatever the son  likes  dishes and       they ate some dish  kindly or happily. maybe       the son orders a fish dish and the father the maybe chicken dishes. . the son  was very satisfied, too much eat.    the father     father  pay the fee and finally,  they said goodbye   and parted. yes.out to eat?yes.   two or three time in a month.. my favorite and our family favorite is  very cheap chinese.  and hot noodle.yes, sure.thank you.