good afternoon.yes. my name is . .yeah. fine. my stomach's a little bit queasy.  it was .just like everyday. no,      i was  in a program  when i was in the first year but, yeah, because   i have to study very hard, yeah, i  it. i wanna go abroad for college. and     i need a scholarship to go there because   our family  can not afford to go there . so, yeah, i decided that i should study more. i'm thinking. but no.  my really top priority is going abroad.because i  the american university  way of teaching. you know, you could choose a lot of subjects. in japan,  you have to study four years for the same course but i don't like that. because  i change my mind quickly.a dance club. .  i was only like six months there so i really don't know. but    we dance because we like it.yeah.   we actually  parted in a group. like there's the jazz,  you know,   doing the sexy dances there, and there's the hip-hop.  and there's the like girls like   doing a  cute dances, you know.yeah. they are actually different..net surfing.   yeah. sitting in front of the computer.or watching t v or reading.. knowing new things. i don't know.   i just wanna like, you know,  the moment.   like  i wanna  something    about it, like that.yeah. and  talk to people abroad. yeah. voice. you know, for example, i like .  and some people abroad also like . and  i write something to them in english .then i just go to discussion voice then.  that gives place for people to  discuss and making friends.actually, the discussion voice i go to are fans of japanese . actually, japanese   has   not that big following, but   many people are following in america and  in  english-speaking countries. yeah. and they sometimes ask me to translate .yeah.yeah. becoming popular but, yeah, some people,  think of  is not, you know, not , you know.   because, you know,   equals like porno andsome people do think that.yes.. the picture. it's a sunny day. the sun is .  and like  i think  this is a holiday   as the  children are outside. so maybe it's after school or there's no school. and   there  facing each other. then  two boys playing volleyball. and there's a man jogging down the    street. and there is a girl playing jumping rope. and there's    two women and  one of the women  has a dog. they're talking. and a cat is sleeping on top of the car. and a man is reading a newspaper.my neighbor?  actually, i live in an apartment, a mansion,  they call it in japan. and  we  talk with each other actually, you know, neighbors.  there's no relationship with the neighbors.  sometimes we meet at the corridor and    you know. but not that bright.   not that beautiful. and the sun doesn't face our window soit's not that actually bright.no.   i don't like the atmosphere  in our apartment but i like maybe the neighborhood .o k. good point.  there is a river besides us. and sometimes you can see some fishes in there.  . and i live  within a city that has fishes, this kind of  like a good thing because they're still like the  besides human or dogs and . and  there is also a convenience store in front of our house. and since i always go there, i became friends with  the people who works in   the store and, yeah,  we sometimes talk... ?o k.yes.  i arrived late.  i missed the train and  i have to really go, i have a job   meeting. and  i missed the train. and    i wanna go ride another train but  i need to refund my ticket. can i do it, please?..   this ticket is actually a little high and    i really want to refund the ticket because  i didn't use it, you know.yeah.   is there any way to do it?  because   like there was  an important phone call that was waiting for me at the house. and i had to really stop there.but  that important phone call was  unexpected.   yeah,   and i think that  this is an emergency case.  because the job, it is very important for me, too.  . i'll just buy another ticket. yeah.yeah. sure... .. thank you..no. i never missed the train, i never miss airplane. and even if i did, i'm actually embarrassed to ask for a refund.  i buy another new one. traveled alone? i don't think so.     maybe i did, yeah.    no, i don't think so. yeah, i do. yeah,   places. i like going  .?   the school's trips in the like  . . we went to nagano. i was in junior high.   like a camp. yeah.   just junior high second years. just gathered there. and we climbed a mountain, we did a camp fire. yeah.  like  it's a educational experience but it was fun. fun. yeah.yeah. can i think? o k.  can i ?one day last week,  mrs.  went to the department store to buy a birthday present  for her husband.  she picked a necktie. a green  with orange spots in it and bought it. and  had it wrap   as birthday present.  then after buying the gift  when she was going to exit the department store, she found some shoes on sale. thirty percent off. and also some clothes    with a tag of fifty percent off.  also bought it. and she went home happy. .i like staying at home.    . i like staying at home reading more. yeah.yeah. yeah,  i go shopping.but i don't do it for a hobby or  .i just do it when i need to do it.yeah. i do that. books. i order mainly from amazon dot com. the j p. yeah. like  i click on the book that i want.    then put my address and my name and   how i'm paying it.  i don't have credit cards so i pay by, you know,     when the delivery man, the ones who delivers the book,   , delivers it  into my house, i just pay to the delivery man and then i get, how do you call that,  cash on delivery.yeah.  and that's how i pay it. and  .  i just wait for the book to come.      i only buy books so  i really don't know   other clothes or other things. but the good thing about on-line shopping is it's cheaper than buying it  on the  book store. and there's   a lot more variety of books there.then, yeah. it's more . but  i have to read,  that's what the  points of it.you're .yeah.sleep.  and eat.. and do my homework.. i have to write an essay for my  about pro and con..  though i don't know what to  about.yeah.thinking about writing prostitution but i don't know. i'll think about it..yeah. thank you.