my name is .nice to meet you, . you can call me . yeah, i think  i like winter.yes.i think so.  sometimes i go snowboarding.and  last year i went to  niigata.it has a nice ski resort called gala.. what i like about it is  you can go there by shinkansendirectly.yeah. when you get off   the place, then you can see there are ski liftsfrom the train station.so it's really convenient.  not really. just a few years ago, .. .  refreshing.yeah, you can enjoy the view.and actually you can feel  the landscapeas you go down the slope.so it's quite different from the cities.so it's really refreshing.  no, i live in .it's next to  where i'm from.so . sure.    i'm from .      where shall i start? i moved .   i lived in because  i work in .but i really miss my hometown.so i want to live   in .but it's too far  .so i thought   is a best place  it's next to , and also you can go to   by  line.and  what i like about it is, it's near the beaches. and i can go to  by bicycle.it doesn't take  longer than half an hour.so it's really   refreshing . actually  i teach english.yes.so i help beginners. you mean,  teach ?   i mean, to   have them have confidence.that's the  hardest part. and  it's really challenging.and i believe  my role  as a teacher is not to give knowledge, but   to be a good listenerand i'd like to withdraw   the knowledge they already have.and by giving good feedback, and they can feel  good about themselves,about their english.and that's how i can help them .  now, i'm just talking . i don't .i'm feeling like i'm a student.   i see a restaurant.  looks like a fancy restaurant. see three  dining tables with some customers having  dinner? it's seven o'clock. it must be dinner time. and i see a nice couple at the table. and they're going to have some wine. as a matter of fact, i do. yes.yes.   i hate cooking, soi usually eat out. let's see.  first of all,  i check my pocket, see how much i have.and    personally,  i really like junk food. taste good.but at the same time,   i know i have to watch what i eat.so yeah, there's  always a dilemma.but eventually, i just go to   place  where they have, i don't know,   tasty food.yes.something like, i don't know,  curry, . basically so eventually i end up in the place where i can have some junk food.o k..anything's . yes.    situation. o k.  .  excuse me. i bought this  soapin this shop.and it says that's  this soap  keeps the moisture  on the skin.  i tried this, but actually  it didn't seem to work. i'd like to   returnthis. and i'd like to have refund.i see. but  i have the receipt  i got here so could you  talk about this   to the manager? i see.i see. then  i guess .i see.. sure, sure.sounds good.. .never complain .      it's kinda pain   this back to the store.so   i think i just use iteven if  i don't like it. just no. way..last time i went shopping.let's see.      i went to sakuraya in shinjuku.and  i bought this tiny  radio which i kind of like. i bought it because  i wanted to listen to  some english radio program.and  the radios i have were  too big. and i want to  stick into my pocket,so i can listen to it even on the crowded train. so i was looking for a really small one. and these days, technology is really  great.so luckily i could find  a radio   which is actually bit smaller than a cigar box.it's kind of small.yes. so i'm quite happy with the product.one day last week. .o k. this is afirst line.i see.all right.  one day last week,  a man  went to  the train station as usual. it's eight o'clock in the morning. and the platform    was crowded.  there're a lot of people waiting for the train. and the man  accidentally dropped off    his briefcase    to the   railway because the man  standing next to him  accidentally elbowed him without looking at him. so the man who dropped  the briefcase complained to him. but  while he was talking to the man, the train came and it  over  his briefcase. and the man was   panicked   worrying that his  briefcase  was damaged. but luckily  his briefcase was safe. and   finally ,   what do i wanna say?   the train guards   picked up his  briefcase and got it back to him. this was kind of redundant.yes, ..yes. let's see.     since i live in , i can take three lines.one is  the  line which i use  to go to work. and   the other ones are  the  line and the local  line called .and  line,   i think  it's been used by a lot of  commuterswho go to work. and it's pretty  crowded during the rush hour. but i can avoid rush hour since i work  from noon. it doesn't bother me. and i don't know. how . .    if i compare it   to  line,  it's quite different from  line. it has a lot of  tourists usually.and i used to commute by .and in summer, it's such a pain because you see a lot of  tourists and, you know, they are going to the beach. they're wearing beach sandals and so on.   i was the only person wearing suitsand having a newspaper.but anyway, i think  that's the difference  the two lines.almost.  i haven't decided ,but   i'm here with  my friend, . we will have some coffee.so after that,  i'll just  go home and  read the book i'm reading. yes. day off.thank you very much. really enjoyed it..