my name is .yes, sure. pretty good. but  i've been suffering from jet lag still now, because i came back  to japan from new york just two days ago, so.. i just visited my co-worker and then learned about what they usually do and something like that. because  in new york branch, they had a big problem, so my co-worker told me not to interrupt and bother them, so  i was just  sitting in chair and then looked around. so actually, i didn't have pretty much time to talk to them and learn about, you know, something useful, so..yes.  almost five months.. actually,   i came back to do same section before.so maybe i hope  i can catch up with them   you know, earlier than i expect. difficult for me so.  but  my section had already moved out tokyo headquarters since   april first.  so it's kind of, you know, messy right now. because they have to  adjust their system and then their daily works to new circumstances, so i have to help them. ..actually,  my boss sent me to san diego to practice my english because my english was good enough to negotiate with manufacturers and  paper agent. but i learned about  not only english but also, you know, american culture and religions and others, everything. so i'm really interested in american culture and western culture as well. so i really want to watch american movies as much as i can. and i want to contact with american embassy, some way, i don't know right now, but i want to contact them and then find some american friends to talk in english. because   i don't want to, i mean, speak japanese only, i mean, i want to keep my english very well.yes.   i'm happy because japan got one point  in  it's history, so. and then also,  i was happy to see korea won poland. because  i have a close friend in korea. and his name is .  i met him in san diego and we are very good friends. and i think  he must have screamed and yelled.  so i really happy .. let me describe this picture at first,  a young girl is sitting in a chair and probably, she is   about send some e-mails to her friend  and i think she's also in a hurry because the door is open.    and the cat is  taking a nap on the bed, and also the dog is taking a nap  on the floor. so i guess it's a  really nice day. and the temperature is  kind of high. and she has a  c d player   in her room,  and also, she has a telephone. but i think  she doesn't have many things in her room, just like me. i don't want to put many things in my room. yes.  actually, i think it's almost same, but i don't have any pets,  of course.  i was not allowed to have pets in my room  and also, i couldn't have c d player and t v in my room because my host father didn't want me to use too much electricity. so    i just had  laptop computer and clock and bed and desk and chair or something like that. yeah.  i think it's almost same.yeah. pretty comfortable..yes.o k.. i'm . .yeah. it's kind of good. but  i have to ask you about that trip. because i heard that trip is, you know,  by your ship. and then the ship  goes to,  you know,  tokyo bay and then   go to  yokohama bay.  it takes  two hours and   we are supposed to have  a great dinner. but   the ship  just went   around tokyo bay, and then,  you know, i was served but the food  was kind of, you know, small and then   i hadn't enough meal.i mean  they just served     sandwiches. but     when i read your advertisement  on the paper, you said  you served  a french dishes. but it was  just sandwiches.but    i don't think so. .? but  i heard you serve  at least five dishes. but  they gave me just one sandwiches. i think it's totally different from your, you know, plan or your trip. no. you know, i just arrived at  the designated point on time, definitely, exactly on time. i don't understand  you know, what was going on. really?  and also,   what about  the course of the ship? .no.  it was very fine day and then, you know, it wasn't raining.so  actually, i was not satisfied with  you know, this trip. so i really want to get some reimbursement. so can you do that for me?o k.yeah. thank you. for your call. ..exciting trip? actually, that was the first time to  no, not first time, i'm sorry, but   i went indonesia last year on business. that was the first time to go abroad for me. so actually,  you know,  i didn't go somewhere so many ..actually, when i was collage, i tried to go somewhere    before graduation. but  my mother  came down because of her disease.   i don't know the exact name but  she had a big problem  inside her head, on the brain, so i didn't have time to go. and then  i had to nurse when i was in university..  and also  indonesia is kind of exciting.. i arrived at djakaruta airport at first, but  my luggage was gone.  maybe someone took it..  no, it's not garuda.. japanese airline. but i don't know  why but, it's still missing.it's still missing.and i got   heavy diarrhea. and you know, i lost all my luggage, i got diarrhea, i couldn't do anything. ...o k... one day last week,  taro was  going his office.  he was a freshman, he just entered the company. and that day was the first time for him to go to his office. so he got up early in the morning. and he arrived at  the station. but  on the platform,  he dropped his  briefcase  on the rail. and  actually,   the old guy who was talking to his co-worker  pushed his hand, that's why he dropped his briefcase. so he put too much blame on the old guy, and he complained  a lot about it. and also the train    came to the platform and then his luggage  was  run over  by the train. and then  but fortunately,  his luggage  was  safe.  and finally, he asked the station clerk to   pick up his baggage.  but i think   it was kind of  problem because he was lack of  sociability because he shouldn't have put such too much claim on the old guy. and  that's why he was late for his opening time. actually,  i live in . do you know ?it's a part of -..  this morning, i took  line  from  station to  station, and i changed the train  for  and i took  line from  to, actually,  , because my office is located in , . worst part? it's just  too many people.    you know,  when i take trains,  the train is always jam-packed, and too much people and  every one  is in a hurry, kind of, you know, and then if i, you know, crash some people,  people always get angry. so i don't like use the trains. do . .yes. actually,  i will have some meetings because i don't know what to do yet. so i have to catch up with them, and then i have to help them. so in order to do that, i have to prepare some specific topics and strategies and you know, some schedules, i have to talk to my boss and then co-workers..yeah. .yeah.thank you very much.