my name is .yes.sure.i'm fine, thank you.i live in .yes.no. i live by myself.my hometown is  city in  prefecture.yes. my hometown is very many  green and    city is very big city. and  prefecture is in tohoku. and tohoku is thought cold, but    is not so cold.  i enjoyed  live in .yes.   free time is always. and  i can do everything i think  i want to do.  watching t v and cooking and reading book and so on..  i'm belong to yamanoko. yamanoko is climbing mountain circle.yes.   yamanoko has very many people and boys are  more than girls. and climbing mountain is not very hard and very  funny. .  we live in  and  we can't see greens and trees and flowers. but in mountain,  we can see  very big nature.  the other day, i went to . and we can see very beautiful view in there. . the dog lying in the room, in center. and the cat  is lying on the bed, too. and  the girl   is sitting on chair and seeing cat and dog and play computer. and it is nine o'clock.  it is fine day. and there is stereo and c d.  that is tape recorder and c d.  there is green phone and  there is very many book. and there is very colorful. yes. i don't have computer   because computer is very expensive. and  i don't have dog,   either because i bited by dog nowadays. and    there is very clean. and my room is clean, too.and    . the curtain is, in my room, not opened because  my apartment is a front of other apartment. so i can't open the curtain. yes. this is .   are you free on sunday?so  how about going to movie? what time is it  for you convenient? so   i can see you  at three o'clock on sunday afternoon. how about three o'clock?   how do you go there?   i want to see you at hachiko  in shibuya. so, three o'clock,    we reach to hachiko .   why not on the bus?yes.  so    yamanote line is very fine. .  we can go there by yamanote line. and  meet at hachiko    and go to the theateron foot.yes. i like very much it..   my favorite actor is brad pitt. he is a very nice guy. and my favorite actress is angelina jolie. angelina jolie is on  "nineteenth " and "sixty seconds".yes. she is very exciting and very beautiful on movie. she is very nice girl.one day, the woman wanted to buy present for  her father. so, she went to  department on  her town. and     she thought to buy tie for her father. and it is his birthday present. and   she  chose green tie on paisley and she  bought it.  and she paid money. and the tie was wrapping by green  paper and decorationed by red ribbon.  after that,  she go to shoes shop. and  she find the final sale. that is thirty-percent-off sale. she thought  that was fine.  but she  didn't buy that. and she went to clothes shop, too.  she was looking some clothes. and  she bought some  nice clothes. that is fifty-percent-off saling. and she   go to home with very many  package. that is his father's present and her clothes.  that is her fine day.busy?now i'm busy? yes. i'm very busy. because  i belong to three circles.  monday and thursday and  on the weekend. we have to go circle and  have meeting and  teaching with friend..