my name is .nice to meet you. i'm fine, thank you. but i'm a little tired because today   i did part-time job. three so long.  i'm working in kitchen,   family restaurant  and  something like that..    i working at a family restaurant   the name is . you know?and   it is near my house in .and there is a  students of  so   i made  a lots of friends in .  more than .   a little bit.    about this subject of study,    they are studying    for doctor or nurse or something like that, and     it looks very interesting for me,  because  actually   i don't really interested in  economic,so they are very  interesting for their study. i make    hamburgers or  spaghetti,  mainly like that and  sometimes i make a salad or something. basically the  girl make  desert or  salad and  boy make the hamburgers   or steak or something like that.no. o k. the girl is   sitting front of the computer. dogs and cats are sleeping.  the door is open.  the girl is  printing out the   documents.  it is june,  according to  this calendar.the girl is looking somewhere, but i don't know.   there aren't any people in this room.  there is a large  c d player. . o k.  actually i don't have my own room.    but  my room has also c d player and computer.   but  i don't have pets like dog and cats in my house because i live in an apartment.  maybe   the owner of the apartment don't like animals . . yes, please.     i'm looking for a jacket and   i usually  ride a motorcycle so    i'd like the jacket which    guard me from wind.  i would like the black one.that's better.o k, thank you. thank you.  i decided to buy this one.how much is it?fifty thousand yen. o k. that's good.     can you make discount?. o k.o k.  and also  i want to     glove.     sorry bigger one, please.thank you.can i try it on?.  it's good.ten thousand yen?o k. i'll buy it.o k.thank you.yes, i do.   i took a license  about  early in       december.yeah.yeah. it's very cold, but     we can  go through the  you know, traffic jam, so it is very fast.  but it is very  dangerous to go through  between cars and car and especially bus or truck..o k.   the boy and his father  one day last week go out   for meal. and  they found the  good restaurant      and they go in the restaurant and  take menu and they  order  meal and  had a good meal.  and the boy was satisfied with this meal  and his father paid money. and then   after that meal    the boy maybe      went home.   the father  was going to  return to job. i     about  one month ago went to a restaurant  like them and that restaurant was    indian restaurant.and   we ate  very hot curry and rice.yes.   yes. yes. but   we   quarrel because of my bike.  he was opposite to buy bike.yes.   because it is very dangerous.  so it was not actually the ..i have to go class.study.o k.thank you very much.