. good morning.  i'm .sure. i'm a little tiredbecause i've been so busy these days. especially working.. yes. it's better   to have    warm weather. but   it doesn't help a lot. yes.i live in ..yes. really good place.yes.because  new subway  just  came into operation.  i can go anywhere quite easily.  so it's very, very convenient..yes.  there are two famous parks. one is  . and the other is  . and both of then are very, very good because there are so many green trees and flowers in the spring. and  we can just go and visit and feel relax. and  also there is a museum and a museum park. so it's a very nice museum because the building  was built, i think   at the very beginning of the twentieth century.and it's a very nice  building.so i like my area very much.. i like to  listening to c d's.. japanese pop music. yes.no.. i think  basically same because  most of the japanese  pop musicians try to imitate  the way of  playing or singing of the western singers. so it's   mostly i think about the same. but  big difference is language.    of course a lot of japanese singers sing in japanese. so that's a  big difference. so i mean the words are  different. but as far as the music is concerned, it's very similar, i guess...yeah. yeah, not a big problem for me. but  i like  western  or especially american music  in the seventies eighties.  at that time i was very young. . o k. this is a classroom of a high school and this is a class of mathematics. and i think a teacher is teaching mathematics. however,  only one student  in the front row is  studying. but other students are not listening  her lecture.  one ,   he is chewing gum. and two girls are chatting. and he is  drinking  something    he's listening to music with his  walkman. and  this girl is  using her cellphone....  the big difference is that, in my high school,  all the students studied very hard because we had to  pass the entrance examination    to enter  universities. so we studied very hard. and also we had a kind of   school uniform. of course it was not a mandatory. so  if you want,    you could   wear  school uniforms one day and  on another occasion, you can just  wear anything you want jeans.so that was a kind of very, very free  school.yes.. one of the purpose, .. yeah. no, i don't think so. of students wants to get into colleges.no..  it's not a very, very good way. but  it's something that you have to go through anyway. because  i think they hire  level of education at  university level is necessary for the nation as a whole. so  of course   many young men should study at universities. but the problem is all the  wants to get in. that's a problem.  i think only the students who are  eager to study really should go there.so that's a problem. but  i think the way of  entrance examination  is o k..sure.....o k. o k.. o k.hi, . this is  speaking. you must be angry.  go to the party yesterday. i'm so sorry. yeah. because i didn't call you.i'm sorry. but i was so busy. i had to work all day in the office. and it was  quite amazing. i was  busy and i couldn't    spear  even a single minute, . even the and i was so busy. and so i'm sorry that i couldn't  attend the party.yeah.. yeah. but   no,  unexpected thing happened in my office. and  i was told that i had to finish the work  by ten o'clock  yesterday night. and it was a huge amount of work. so  i'm sorry.  maybe   i can compensate like   i can have  another party in my house next week. i will check. i will check it and i will organize  everything. so that maybe  we can have another party.i will explain. i will call everyone tomorrow or today. thank you very much ...yes.   it was not really a party. but  my husband  and i went to a very, very gorgeous restaurant in a very famous hotel with  my parents and with  my mother-in-law. and we had a guest. and  that was a kind of a anniversary  get together, because     next june,  there will be a twentieth anniversary of  .and the  main guest was a kind of matchmaker. so      excuse me, my husband was introduced to me by her. so  she was very, very important for us.  that was a nice  get together. and we ate a very, very  expensive,  delicious dinner. ..yes......o k. one day last week, i went to a department store to buy a happy birthday present for my husband.  i thought a tie would be nice and i just straight go to the tie section, and i found a very nice  green tie with  brown dots. and   although it was a little expensive, i didn't bother to  pay a lot of money because that's a present. so i asked the sales clerk to wrap  it as a present. and he wrap it nicely with a red ribbon. and i paid in cash. and on the way back home  in the department store, i found a final sale of shoes.  it was written  three percent off. and "," i thought, "it's cheap.". and i was so glad. so i bought a pair of shoes  for me. and then next  section, i found  fifty percent off  sales of clothes for ladies. and i was so happy. and i bought a very nice  yellow sweater. so  when i went out to the department store, i end up with buying a lot of things for myself and one nice gift for my husband....i think  the quality, too. they want to appeal  they can  offer a good thing  at a very certain low price. so    that's a very  good point that they want to show. so  what else?  .because if  it was very cheap from the beginning, you can't compare.  because   usually the customers compare. they often just visit and don't buy anything and just      look around  in the department store. and  the customers know the price very much. and then maybe one month later, it is discounted fifty percent, then they can .  cheap from the beginning, they think, " it must be a very, very  bad quality." or something like that. of course if they check by themselves, they can know. but usually, they compare the .. no, not really. i don't like  sales. because there're so many people.it's too crowded for me. so i just rather want to go shopping in a very quiet store. and of  expensive, i don't buy .but if it is a reasonable price, i will buy.. yes.   go to a bookstore and buy some books.no. yeah.no.yes. i need to sleep,  .yeah.. .yeah.. o k. thank you.