yes.. my name is .yes.nice to meet you. fine, a little bit tired.. this morning, it was very earlyto come here so.. .i live in totsuka. know totsuka? the northern part of yokohama. it takes about one and half hour to come here.yes,  but  train is really crowded every morning, so it was very  tiring. . i try to sleep. .. but  it is very .but   i hardly sit. ...yes, with my family.. i have father and mother, and i have  brother.and my brother is working, but he is still    lives with us today.and he has no plan to marry. .and, my father is also works, and my mother  is a part-time worker..  but   almost everyday, she stays  at home.and,  she      no, make  clothesby herself. she sometimes  make a clothes  for me. i have a coat  for winter, that is really nice...  my responsibility is to make a big innovation  for .? .yes,  we have  facial foam, body wash, and bar soapalso  hand care wash, and also hair products, shampoo and conditioners.and     i'm in charge of deveoping a new product. so that's a secret. so i can't tell you. ..this is my fourth year.. i like it very much, but,  as i said earlier, it's a little  hard to commute  to here. so,  every night, i work till  night.  but  the job  is very challening, and i like it very much..i want to live by myself. but   i don't have much money  by myself. ..    i don't have to do  housework.  does everything . so even late at night,when i get back to the house, i can  be  at home     warm. ...yes....o k. . just describe? o k. so there is a house, and in the front of the house, there is two women.  and they were talking something  such as  about the weather.and it's  fine day. and   they've known each other for a long time, so they're talking about   . and there is a car, and, on that top,  there is a cat sleeping. and because of it's a sunny day, a cat seems   really comfortable on that. and, in front of the house,  there is a girl, and     she plays herself.   and   there is a person who is running, and      he seems that  he wants to be     slimmer, probably. and there are some children   on the grass, and they plays ball game together.o k... yes, my neighborhood, there is a lot of houses. and, a long time ago,    there are a lot of children, but they have  already grown up. so the people living  around my house   most are elderly people.  i can't see any children playing around.  also,  around my house,  streets are narrower .     and also, in this picture,  i can see some trees,but  i can't find these trees around my house.. o k.... o k..yes...yeah,     i bought  this pencil, but this pencil cannot write well as i expected, so i'd like to  exchange this to  another one..yes, but  what  i wanted to have was   better one.and also  the color of the ink is not what i've expected. so i should have tried this before buying this.  i thought  this should be  what   i had thought because i always   buy this one.  i really like to exchange this... so, what should i do?    what should i do? .so,  can i  call the manufacturer, or, can you do that, ?no,  i didn't   when i bought this... but   they should be  something wrong.  . .yes....  i should have. i know that, , in fact,  i didn't. so i should have.  i know , but  this is not so expensive one, you are fine, i'd like to exchange this......  so, could you please   boss?.. .. what time will he come back?o k. . . .  o k. all right. i see. . this is not so expensive.   i'll buy  by myself... so i will wait .so, call me when ..o k.. thank you.... no.  in japan?. no. i always try to  or try to  wearwhen i  buy somethingso....o k. .o k.  one day last week,   mary  and her sister  plan to go camping together.and they really enjoyed to prepare for the camping, and  they bought a lot of  things for the camping, and   they tried to carry them with their car. and the car was a yellow one,  her sister's. and they went to camp, and    the place was near the  river. and,     as soon as they get there,  they started to make a tent by themselves. and  also, at the same time, they prepared for  their lunch. but, suddenly,   it started to rain, and they were really surprised because the weather forecast didn't say that. the weather forecast did say     it would be  sunny all day..   no,   and then,  really suddenly,  the big wind   blew. and they were so surprised, and they  rushed  to their car. and they tried to get on it again.and they made their things together, and they  decided to  go home. but,  on the way at home, they found a hotel which name was hotel cosmos. so,   as the rain   was getting  stronger, so they decided to stay that hotel. and, at the hotel, they really  got relaxed. and  although  they couldn't do the camping, but they enjoyed their  time to get relaxed  at that hotel... i've never been to camping,  but i like  to play tennis...no, i've never been ....  when i was a university student, there were a lot of clubs, and  when i entered the university,      my friend joined the club.so   i also joined. but, when i started to play the tennis, i got to like that .o k.yes. .... .yes.  this weekend,  i'm going to  makuhari wherei can see   health fair,  which is  made by a lot of manufacturers relating to  health things drugs, and . a little bit related to my job    our products are sold at drug stores. i'm really interested in that.thank you .o k. thank you .