good morning., my name is  .thank you. i'm fine. to meet you, too.i'm from , ,  ward.yeah. i used  line and  line.i'm a housewife.  . it's , i wake up at six thirty, and i , made breakfast for my husband and children. and i  take care of my little birds. birds. yeah. we keep two birds.yeah. i have   two birds. and one is japanese white . it's   in japanese. and , another one is sparrow.  they came to my house  about five years ago.yeah.yes.    i'm not sure, but  ,  , feed them, and love them. my husband is bank officer.he's very busy.what? i don't know. but he always say he's busy. my hobby is  reading books and  watching  movies,and playing the piano.yeah.  this is restaurant. and many people enjoy  wines and , delicious dishes. and with   piano music. and  they looks so happy.   . o k.. recently, i like  japanese food... it's very beautiful and  good for health, and not so oily... very few. we often go to , sushi restaurant. and sometimes we go to chinese restaurant.yeah. i'm looking for  potato chips.yeah.and i can't find  potato chips with salt and vinegar  flavor.yeah.. we can't find that kind of chips in japan.but i like that.  ?  yeah.  do you know  , any other kind of chips?.  what do you recommend to me to souvenir to my friends?. but as i said before,  we can't  buy  salt and vinegar flavored chips.is there any chips we can't buy in japan?. is it hot?. it is delicious? o k. thank you.yeah..thank you. . how much is this?two dollars. , so i'll take ten bags.yeah.thank you.twenty dollars. here you are.. i went to  hawaii, england, france, italy,  thailand, philippines, hong-kong, china.  ..i like england.. i like  yeah,   country side. in england, it's very beautiful. i want to go lake district  once more,again.. recently, we go to  asia with my husband because he cannot have long holidays. so  we go to asia for two or three weeks. but  to tell the truth, i don't like asia  because it's too hot to me, and  dirty,and not good  water.. so i like to europe or  hawaii..last week. i went to department store to buy necktie for my husband at his birthday present. and  i bought nice necktie for him. .    i found final sale  on forth floor.  then i want to buy shoes. so i bought shoes. and i go down to third floor. i again  found nice shirt. i cannot stop buying nice shirt.so i bought shoes and shirt and  dress and hat and many things. so i went  home   with   big  baggage.yes.at first, i found   final sale or fifty percent off discount. i bought  many things for me. but  i forgot to buy my husband's present. . sometimes we go to  restaurant. or sometimes  i go to   some present.i'm going to go to kyobashi,  to see photos.photos.   to visit photo gallery.to see photo  exhibition..i like to watch  photos.and      and. make photos., yes. yeah...  not so popular. i think. it's amateur..  it's before salary day. thank you very much.yeah.thank you.