. my name is .?o k. . i belong to school of literature two.and i'm major in art and performance.so  i'm studying  how to express myself, or i'm learning about play. and  i'm also learning about education because i want to take qualification of  museum . and i'm also learning french, for second language.. why? . because   i like going to museum to see paintings because  when i go to museum and looking paintings, i feel very relaxed.  looking at paintings, i can read a lot of thing like where it was drawn or    who drawed it.or, you know, where the country is, or something like that.   and i also like watching play.. so i sometimes going to theater to see play.. the last play?  i saw the play about goghof painter.famous painter.  and the story of his life.and it was very interesting because i also like paintings,and plays.i could enjoy both of them..  i checked the information magazine like "pia".and  my grandfather is also interested in play, so he sometimes give me some tickets, he got. so, yeah, he sometimes tells me about play, which is playing now, or which is good or bad, or something like that..yeah, .o k. . . this is my room.this dog is named  carl.and this cat is named pipi. and, now, i am doing my homework on the computer and word processor. but my pets are sleeping   . and  , but they are sleeping.  but they are so sweet, and they look so cute,  i like watching them sleeping.   and now,  i think i should take a break because i'm doing a lot of work.  and i have to do a lot of work, and maybe, it's gonna to take   .so, now, i think i should take a break. and  five minutes later, let's .o k. .  let's see. o k, i also have bed.and  i don't have computer in my room. i have computer in my house, but not in my room. and  my mother is using together. and   i think  i also have book shelf, but i have a   bigger book shelves. and  this looks like only c d player and cassette player, but  i have m d player and cassette player and c d player. and   also i have a piano in my room. it doesn't have. .   not particular thing she has to do, but she is very interested in some computer .and she want to  improve her skill.  she want to use computer to do something. and    she hasn't decided what to do yet.but,  now, how to use computer.. .o k.hello. this is .hi.  i'm calling you about dinner party which you invited me. . that day, i'm so sorry, but  i can't go to that party.  i'm so sorry, but, that day,  my sister is going to come back to my house from america. you know,  she is working, and  she said she's not going to come back. but,  very fortunately,  she will be able to  take  vacation for one week next week. so  i will have to stay at home and have a dinner with my family,because my sister is going to be there, and  she has been lived in america for five years.and i haven't seen her for  one year.and this is very  important time for our family. so i'm so sorry, but i can't go to the dinner party  next friday.?. o k, what can i do?  what time is it going to be held?. seven the night?  i can't go at seven, but,   maybe, i can go there at ten. but, maybe, it's . for me? so, o k. i'm sure    i'll be there  at ten o'clock in the night. is it o k?.   please make something .  bring   something really good.... o k. i will. ..yes.. yes. . sometimes,  my friends  hold birthday .. usually, it's surprising party,  so we don't say about party to the who is birthday girl.  and the day we just go to her house,and  and bring her to   some shopand  have a party. . ?.o k. . one day last week, my parents and my cousins  was visiting my house. so i had to prepare for dinner. and they called me in the morning of that day. so, when i looked into the refrigerator, i found a nothing in there for dinner. so i decided to go to supermarket to buy food. and  i went to the supermarket by car because the food is going to be   a lot.  o k, and, after i went to the supermarket, i was thinking  what going to make for dinner. and i decided to make  spaghetti and salad. so i bought some foods like  pasta and tomato and onion and lettuce  and  some food,for them. and i bought them. and i went back to home, and i started to prepare for a dinner. and they told me to visit at six o'clock,  so they came to  six o'clock. but  i haven't finished  cooking yet. so i told them to wait for thirty minutes, and i cookedand after thirty minutes, i prepared, and all set, and i serve them. and i, my parents  and my cousins had dinner together, and we had a very good time together .. she is very good at cooking,so i like everything  she cook. but, especially, she is good at meat loaf..  maybe, she put the meat,into the oven.so she said it's very easy to cook. but i don't know how to cook it. i love it... no. i have class after this.. because i'm in school literature two.. yeah, i know it's hard. . thank you very much.