good morning.my name is .i'm fine, thank you.i came from . east part of , named . there is four universities in . so, many students are there.yes. i majored linguistics. at that time, i wanted to be a japanese teacher. but now, i changed my mind. because  japanese language is too complicated and i had no confidence to teach foreign students.no.  you know,    is  next to  mountain. so i often go hiking in the mountain. because it's free, no costs. that's good. i watch movies at home  sometimes.    i don't have special preference, but i like  european  movies rather than  american. i don't like american culture so much.yes.  this picture is   a   private room  of  a woman. i think  she is working at home,  because there is a computer in her room. and she keeps  two pets, one cat and one dog. and there is one  c d player in her room. and one telephone and one clock. and  i suppose it is june,  because i can see the calendar.    that's it.yes.yes. my room is smaller than hers. and  the furnitures are almost same as hers.   but i don't have such  a computer.  i have portable   p c. and i don't have any pets at the moment.yes.yeah.hello? this is  speaking.i'm fine.  i would like to go to movie with you.  how about this weekend? so,    let's go to the theater in . how  shall we get to there?o k. so,  what time  do you prefer?o k. so,   this weekend,   saturday. is it o k for you?. saturday at one o'clock in .see you.bye-bye. yes.  i went to very local, small  theater which is next to porno theater. it's very cheap. and i watched spanish movie there, named "all about my mother".do you know this movie?. but very  depressing movie.  it  described a woman's life. and   in her life, many things happened and  that was  not happy and  unfamiliar  with us.. .one day last week, a woman went to department store to buy her husband's birthday present. she bought one necktie  which  is   green and yellow one. and       on the way to get out from department store, she found  the place where shoes   were sold in lower price. and she decided to buy shoes. and then, she found  clothes which  were sold  in half price. and she bought clothes, too. and she  got out of the department and  she were on a  way home. that's it. .  regarding of  a person's character who i want to give present and i will decide. i  imagine what she or  he  wants.   i go  my neighbor  in .not so often. because i hate take trains on weekend. because i  already take trains  everyday in weekdays. so, i hate  that. my neighbor is  much  smaller than . but i think  the quality of shops are much higher than , even though  it's small. but    things are expensive in . i am working.yes. my job is  making transcription of interviews.    my working place? yes.yes.?     which university?   i went to  university.yeah..., yes. i was in university  when earthquake happened.yes.i went to university  on  the right day of earthquake.because it was the  exam day.no...yeah. we call earthquake magic. .. was o k.these  neighbor was relatively less damaged compared to other. .  and now english teacher? you studied abroad?i see.  so,  did you   master's?yeah. but, you know,  to master japanese language, we have to learn more than two thousand kanjis.yeah. but  i hesitate to say that to student "you have to learn two thousand ".thank you very much.