may name is  .pretty fine. good.i live in ,   city,    far from here. .i'm late.  i walk to the nearest station,  and ride on  line, and then, go to , and change at  to  line, and  get off at  station. then i took  the bus,  so   i get to here... long. .my hobby is to  watch movies.yesterday, i saw the movie "rain maker".   interesting. because  i particularly like  the movies featuring  the court,  trial, because  the english there is  very logical,  plain,  easy to understand..my family?. my parents   each have a job .  my father works for  security company,  and my mother is a japanese teacher,  teaching japanese to foreigners  from all over the world.  and   i have two brothers.  my sister is a university student majoring  social welfare, and  my brother,  fresh from high school, is a cook..yes,  i live with my  family..   actually, my family member  is six.  i have five family members  including dog.  he is cute.yeah?   this is map.  and     the  north west of the map,  a train station is located, and   in the town, there many, many facilities, like school, bank, offices,  hospital, public library, restaurant,  supermarket,  and there is also   park-view apartments.   the view from   the apartments would be very fine.   i'd like to  live in  such a apartment   someday..and,   the town would be very  comfortable to live in, because there are  lot of green  .  it looks like  new york. central apartments..  actually, very similar  to my   hometown. but   the difference is  my town is very famous  as bed town.  there're too many houses,  houses after houses.   and  my town would be   too crowded  to keep distance  among each other.   the story about  one's  failure to  enter university    would spread too fast. for example,  very intimate  community.   and,  the atmosphere is very averaged. .  there would be  sense of   middle all over the  town.yes.may i elaborate?yes. .hello.  i'm very    sorry not to go to your party.  i had a  sore ear.i was infected with  a certain virus,  so i couldn't hear at all.. including your phone call. . i was very exhausted because   my body was fighting with the virus. so,  i felt like sleeping before i went to your dinner party .. but   i fell asleep completely, and i    get up  far after the party. i get up at  midnight .    i thought so, but  i wouldn't love to be a kind of party pooper because  showing up later  must be     not effective way to   present myself.. i love to...   again, i'm very sorry.. so  i'm look forward to go to your next party.thank you. bye-bye.yes.   the day before yesterday, i went to  small party,   then i    drank  . do you know ? is very strong    alcohol drink.   it comes in a shot  glass. this size. small size.and  i drank just a single glass of  and  get lost.. i passed off.yes. ..once a twice a week.. i  would be a very weak person. . but   i like the atmosphere of be get drunken and  also, the air. everyone is drinking  having fun, enjoying themselves   so the joy  would come from  the atmosphere, not from the taste of liquor itself.very interesting.enjoyable.? sure. last week,  i had a  awful incident  concerning myself. . one day,  as usual, i went to my home station  and  went up to the platform, waiting for my train.  then,  a guy in front of me  accidentally,   not  deliberately    shove his arm and   drop my bag  into the railroad  beneath the platform,  and i was  confused at the time,   and  didn't know what to do .  i could only  blame him .  .  i was angry about the guy  and  not willing to do anything  to save my bag. but,    a station officer  was toward me, and  get down to the railroad, and saved my bag . then, i  get cool, and  thank to him  and   i get on the train safely.   moreover, successfully, i found a vacant seat    and went to my office  in time., but every time, i  stood on the platform,   i'm scared  because  if someone  pushed me  ,   or   any other guy would   into the platform, then i   simulate my reaction,  what to do. ..  my imagination is that   i would find     proper space to hide. ...because   i got up very very later,  my breakfast was just a  cup of  instant soup. so,  i like to eat a . my favorite  shop.