. my name is .sure. no problem., thank you.yourself? . i'm in charge of marketing. especially in food division. then, my job is a little bit different from other marketing people.   my job is  quite close to sales. for example, i try to negotiate the contract between partnership,with other partner  or yeah, something . right,  when i need to meet customers, i wearing suites. but basically, for office work,  we are permitted to be casual .yeah. in our company. depend, because just suits is easy to pick up in the morning.because suites is already fix. but for casual, we need to decide which, you know, clothes i'm wearing. ..  if don't have any idea to wear for casual, i choose suites.  i live in . with my family, my wife and two  daughters.my family?  o k.   of course, i  live with   and my daughters as i said. then   sorry, elder daughter is two years old. and younger daughter is still baby.  one year old.and with two cats. so it's    usually.as a pet... to be honest, we need to permission from owner  that apartment,but i  any permission. so if owner find  we have pet, maybe  it's not  permitted. ,illegally. right. to be honest,   it takes  seven  years until we have baby. we means i and my wife. so we  bought a pet. you know? then, yeah, we used to take care of pets so  kindly. but  to  now is we are very busy to take care of with caring my daughters. so, we don't have any time to take care of pets. so you know, we feel you sorry. i think so.  i hope so. so can i imagine the story? or  ?just .o k.   under the fine weather,   two boys playing  ball play. and  one girl is playing with, how can i say, rope. i don't know how to say that. then, in front of this house,   there are two dogs. then,  no,  no, in front of that house,  one man  is taking a jog. then  also,  there is car parking. then, on the roof of the car,  a cat is sleeping. then,  two housewives is chatting. then,  one of them is taking dogs. then, opposite side of the road,   maybe old man is reading newspaper. . o k. .  this picture looks very, how can i say, empty.  because  our neighbor  there are lot of houses. and it's very crowded. but  in those pictures, i can see a lot of  airs. and also, i can see the trees and greens. it looks  like suburb. if i possible, like to stay this kind of living circumstance.but    considering  commuting from my house to company,  easy to find this kind of  place.yeah. ..    i'd like to exchange  this,  how can i say,  clothes    yeah, another.  exchange  or  money. i understand what you say.    but  i have receipt, then i just bought this today. so then  is it impossible? . actually this size.  .  .yeah. that's right. yeah.then, my problem is this size  doesn't suit me. i need larger size..  so how about  exchange the money to this ?o k. how about  another product rather than sweater? just  t shirt or some, you know, clothes...  right. but     how about   two or three products?   total cost will  close to    ten thousand..  not over ten thousand. or just over ten thousand and i paid for extra..sure.thank you very much.yeah.. i used to like shopping. but now, no so much.in foreign country or in japan?. yeah.  yes. for example,     yeah, i used to enjoy playing tennis. then i bought tennis racket. but this tennis racket was heavier than i expected     i have one tennis racket already. but i need one more same  weight of  you know, tennis racket. so the other is much heavier than   one. so i asked shop clerk to exchange the,tennis racket.. yeah. he said, "yeah, yes.". . no problem. yes. i have a receipt.  so     we know each other.  ..o k.  last friday, i went to station  as usual. . and i waiting for the train at platform.   but  a  gentleman  hit me on my bag. then, my  bag was,  how can i say,  dropped on the rail of the train. then, in a few minutes, train is coming. then,  i have thought   my bags  made ruin. but fortunately,  my bag is located between the two rails. so my bag was safe.  then    not clerk, i asked people  who is working in train station  to pick up my bag. then, i  could have it. yeah. .  basically, my  train which i use is very crowded.  but crowded is usual situation   i can stand. . but    yeah, sometimes   people is  fighting with loud voice. so in that case, i feel uncomfortable. right.  to be honest, just ignore. . if this fighting is very serious, somebody is  hitting on something like that, maybe i  inform this to  the clerk .yeah. but   just make a noise and just fighting is   i don't  say anything..yeah.  i've already had. yeah. think so.yeah. but   my office is in shin okubo. for this test, so i'm not familiar with this ..