 my name is .yeah..i live in . do you know ? that's   north-west side of . no. so i'm born in .so i'm came to  for university.  is  so only thirty minutes from here. so it  all the same town the . so  a lot of buildings, it's a town.    not so  urban area. but so my home town,  is  rural area surrounding the mountains,yeah,   big rivers.  so  a lot of the natures.yeah. totally different  atmosphere,  circumstance.  a little bit change. .yeah. .father? my father is  already retired  his company. so he  used to be work   broadcasting    companies ,  so quite busy man, so   usually   come back to quite late night. say he talks a lot. always talking, talking. and  also even though very small things he talks wide arrange of a lot of things, a very , big issue   like a big happening.  it's very interest. yeah. but  sometime it's  not so good. yes..  i like skiing.so i'm belonged to ski club    while i was studying in university days. so   i use to   go skiing so around seventy days or eighty days. but  i'm married and  i have a child  three years old. so it's difficult to take him to skiing. so only for one day or two day in season, i can . let's see. first week of february with my business colleague. , i went to shiga kogen,  where is very famous and big ski area in japan. so   i went to there with my business colleagues and just  group in the two guy. and he has a license  of  teaching ,ski. he is  ski instructor. also  i have the first grade of ski.  so also  ski  very  few people.so there is no  waiting time.  we are skiing quite a lot of distance. yeah.. yeah.yes. so   a woman in the room.  it seems  her private room. and    her sit  in the front of the computer. and also   so a dog and cat are in the room. and  cat is on the bed. and both of dog and cat is  sleeping.  say as i see  that room is  very  lighter colors coordinate.  and      it says quarter to nine or something. and also the like  some shadow is  in the stereo. so it means  maybe morning time.  i wonder. yeah. and the door is   slightly opened.  . yeah. so i don't have  any computers.  and so, you know,  i live with my family. so, i don't have any my room.  just a living room and a bedroom.  room using   for the family, not myself. .in that sense, so the different situation from this picture...    now  i'm very comfortable to live with my family. so,    i don't want to have the any  private room at the time.o k. i like dogs. so i'd like to   have dog. no.so i'm living in the some  flat.i live in flat. so the flat prohibit to have a dog.yes.hello? this is  speaking.i'm o k. , i'm sorry, so.  i cannot go to the  dinner party for today, so i'm quite sorry. because i have the very urgent business and visit very important person coming to explain it. i'm involved in a serious problem this time. i'm sorry. yeah. .yeah. but   so, actually so, my trouble is  quite  serious. it's  very big effect of   my company's  profit.so, that is  very difficult. and also that is the quite urgent. i have to solve this matter  them   tonight.so i cannot leaving the office now.yeah. so that is  my responsibility.,   so that is   my business. so even though i ask the boss, it's difficult.  i have to  solve this in my .yeah. .. thank you very much. so i'm sure to, next time i .hope. so  please apologize. so   i'm absent of this dinner party so, and also the  please, best regard to them. you. bye.thank you.  it depends on the case. so sometime formal business  parties, i'm not so much interest. formal party say,  a lot of very  not so famous but important or a little bit high status people so it's parties, so i'm little bit nervous to joined it. but  if the party with a friend or some same age or same status or the near business colleagues.so in that case, it doesn't matter because so we are always talking, or exchange the names.but  some formal party, ,nervous.yeah.yeah.yeah..happened before? so one day last week, so   ladies planned to go to the camp. and they  prepared a lot of things for the camp. and   they went  so, to there by a car. and   when they  arrived at the campsite,    so they are preparing the  tent for the sleeping. and  prepared for the dinners.    when they are arrive   the campsite. so weather is   it seems calm. no problem.   it is a very  beautiful day. but suddenly, a rain falls. and    that rain  was getting  very strong. and storm came. so, tent or some dinner's goods is   blewed up. and the  ladies  got of the car to avoid such a storm. and  they are driving away from the campsite. and they found the hotels. and finally, the ladies stayed at hotel because of very strong rain continued.yeah. travel. so end of january, so we went to the bali.so, indonesia. four days holidays. yeah. it was a little bit short trip to the .but  we had very  good time. it's very good time. myself. . why? so  not  myself only. so with my wife and, so myself is     to prepare the trip. of    so  not always, sometime   go to go my business trip.i think i'm familiar do the .. so if  travel only myself, it is easy  making a busy schedule.  i'm set up   my family. so i have  kids so i'm try to the more    relax schedule.yeah. not so tighter one.. so this time, so i have the appointment dinner with my old friends.yeah. so that friends i met them ten years ago. yeah..