 my name is . i'm fine, .and you?good. i had an operation.i had my jaw cut, so i was in the hospital..   i don't know the reason. and also doctor doesn't know reason why  jaw got changed the shape. but  for some reason change my jaw and i take an operation to set forward the jaw. yes. i feel all right.  i'm in  right now, so i have to. i want to get the job. but  isn't in my  schedule .  i have to   my life and  my  experience in my school life. and  i have to write  a letters in the  for companies, so that's the biggest . no, i haven't decided yet..it's a class. and there are many kinds of students. i guess  students from    all generations. and only a few students listen to the lecture and somebody  are chatting in the classroom. and there is a  middle-aged man who is chewing the gum. and there is a boy drinking a juice or something. and he is also listening to the music with headphone. and  the girl is looking at her mobile phone. so there is only one student who  are studying the class.  the teacher seems     she doesn't care what the students do and she  teaching her mathematic lesson. my class was not like this. most of students listened to their class. and also,  if there were some students were chatting like  them,  teacher got angry. then, students stop chatting. so, yes,   my class was good.   in fact, i'm a teacher in a clam school as in  job, so if my  is like this, i'll get angry and  tell the student stop to chewing the gums and  drinking juice or chatting. and  if they keep on drink like this, i'll get  the classroom,maybe.yes, i'm in a tour  in your travel agency. but there are some problems. because   in this trip a lot of things are different,   from the brochure. so  i would like to know what happen the plan.yes. i really want to my plan back and want to do what i planned in japan. but if it's not possible,  i think you should pay for it. really. so maybe the dinner ticket is o k. or some option tours, can you offer me?  just talk to your boss and   get back call to my hotel room. but i have to go back to japan two days after. so let's make a decision..as soon as possible, pleasegood-bye.o k.no, not really. i complain to a tour guide at first. and if tour the guide  doesn't do anything, maybe i'll call the office in japan or tour agency in that place..  yes. my mother bought  sweets in super market and it was  fujiya's home pie. but when i opened the box, the pies in the box was all black. so i can't  eat them, of course, so i called the fujiya's headquarter and tell them what happened. so  they told me to send the box back and i could get a   boxes of pie.o k.excuse me. should i talk as if i am  one of them?. o k.yes.one day last week, i and my friend went to a camp     my car. and we got to place and we set up the tent and  we made curry and rice. and it was  very good. because the weather was good and  everything was   going well. but  just when we finished  set up a tent, the    clouds covered the sky and it began to rain. , and we didn't care.  we thought that   it would stop raining soon. but it was a mistake.   the very heavy rain and   like a typhoon attacked us. and  it blew the tents and curry and rice or everything we set up.  so we couldn't . then, we got in a car and  drive some miles.  and the storm was getting tough and   thunder was coming. then, we found a little  hotel. so we decided to go in the hotel. then,  in hotel room,  we took shower and made a hot coffee. but just we relaxed in the hotel room, the sky was getting cleared and sun came up...yes. i don't know. but i guess it's because  most of people live in a city.so there's like, , any nature, so they want to feel the nature. because that's it. that's the reason.no.because i hate mosquitoes.when i was children, my parents took  camping so many times. i like cooking outdoor. but, you know, always    i was a good  girl for mosquitoes. so i don't like camping.  i'll see my friend and we'll exchange  because the examination is coming up.yes. .thank you very much and i'm so sorry to be late.