good morning.my name is .i'm fine, thank you. how are you?i came from  .  ,   near the  station.no. i live there all myself.  now i'm  out of work. iquit myself end of the last year.so i'm now searching for my job. anything. i want to try  many  kind of work.. but especially now,  i'm very interested in primal industry, like  feed cow or  milk or something. .   why?why? it's really difficult to answer. i don't know. i just like them.my family live in . my parents live in . and i have one brother and one sister and i. i am  youngest child. and my brother lives in , and my sister lives in  now.i don't know.  i think she is just a house keeper.and sometimes  she writes something to a small magazine company. i don't know actually what she is .  we don't talk much about our jobs. she has a baby now.so  we  talk lot about her child.  a boy. a couple are enjoying dinner.   a man is drinking wine and  talking with sommelier. they are having fun.   the sommelier explaining   about wine the man is drinking. anything else? anything else. a woman playing a piano  for . it is seven o'clock in the evening.   other two couples are eating dinner and having fun.no. seldom go. restaurant.    i go often  fast shop or family restaurant or   i don't know how to say it,  or something. drinking spot.with my friends.last time? this kind of restaurant?      remember.but maybe at least, three years or more..yeah.hello.    how about going watch movie? ?  where can we meet?o k.  what time is the best for you?o k.  i'll wait seven o'clock  at the station.  i want to see   some documentary movie,or    anything is fine. yeah. .bye.yes.   not action. only action movie, i don't feel like watching. but other one, i like.  yes, i have.  but i don't know how to  the name for english, but  "".  it describes very human    mental expression. having expressed mentally, something like movie . . i'm interested in very much..o k.  one day last week, a lady went to department store. and   she wanted to buy  necktie for her husband because  he is going to have a birthday.  she choose    necktie. and buy it.  and  when she went to home,  she find the  sale  in the department store. and there are nice    sandal. and also  there were nice clothes  at a very low price. so she bought a   lot of  stuff  for her own.yes. i like shopping.discount store. of course. because it's cheap.   and  ,  yes,  big store and   stores, many kind of   manufacture. many kinds of   something is imported. but it is very cheap. and i didn't mean to buy something, but  when i walk in discount store, i watch something  i'm never meant to.  and  there is a stuff something like  it is very interesting.  .this afternoon,  i'm planning to go to honmachi-dori .and shopping. thank you very much.