yeah.   my name is .yeah..  i have cold.yeah, so my voice is very  .  so maybe you can't hear my voice clearly so sorry.yeah. i live in  prefecture, yeah  city.yeah, it takes  one and half hourfrom my house to  here..  the train  which i take is very crowded so i can't  move at all, so i'm only   standing.yeah.yes.yeah.  we are  four persons in family.  mother and father and i and  my younger sister. yeah. so my younger sister is now maybe  fifteen years old  .yeah.  we have no conversation recently.yeah. but  we are  friendly  so but    i go back home  very late so we can't meet  so    that is the reason why  we have no conversation.no.  i think  i will  watch t v, maybe yeah.   i will not go outside.yeah.new year's day? . maybe  our family will in a house together and eat , yeah, and   watch t v and  january seconds we have "hakone " so we watch "hakone " on t v.yeah, i want to  jog  in the morning but  you know,      it take very long time from my house to here so   if i  jog  in the morning   i must got up at five o'clock so  i can't jog in the morning.yeah.yes.yes. . there is   many very large hall  maybe it's restaurant. yeah.  there are three tables and   three  couples,  man and woman  sit  separately. yeah, and  there is    two   customer yeah. and now  the time is  maybe seven p m. yeah, so   they have a dinner now. and   they dressed very  beautifully. so i think it's very expensive restaurant yeah. and    one boy   serve a wine and  a man is maybe said that's great so    we take this wine, i think. .  i have    much food so    i ate many  rice and meat so  i don't want to expensive restaurant  like this yeah.  i want the restaurant to give me    many rice and     will persuade me  many times.yeah.yeah.no.yes.yeah,   i want to buy a new coat so    where is coat?yeah. so       other shop has no coat  which i can    fit size   so    there have  not  many  size. so    do you have  s size coat?yeah,    how much is this?yeah.   i have a few money so i want to buy    a cheapest coat  but   if it's not warm it's not coat, i think,  so  what is your  recommend?yeah.yeah. very cheap.yeah.. yeah.    i look very fat so i want   thin coat   so i want that thousand yen's coat.yeah. .  can i pay on this card?yeah.please. . please.  so please.yeah.thank you.yeah, thank you.thank you very much. i don't like shopping yeah so  every  season     i will go shopping buying  clothes only once or twice.yeah. so  i don't have    shop  which usually go.yeah.yes.yes.yes.o k. . one day last week, a man and  girl    were  walking maybe     from  shop or from amusement park       boy or girl's house. yeah.  it's rainy day. suddenly,    he heard a sounds of   someone's voice. yeah.  a girl   discovered the box and in the box    there was a cat. yeah.   she wanted to   go back with  the cat, but  he didn't want to go with cat and    he didn't want to have a cat, but  she said  she wants     she said       i must    take him.    so boy is very     amusing.   he think  we got troubled. yeah. but  finally,    they  took a cat to her house, i think, yeah. that's all.yes i have a dog. i don't like    that dog. i like dog but  my dog once    hurt  another person and  he was  so   he  can't believe people. so   he's not fine,  he usually bite me or my parents., so we .so i don't like  him.yes.. .no no no i will go to  and   my friends live in and we have   today  party.yes. . .yes..yes.it's very hot.yes.. thank you.thank you.thank you.