my name is .fine, thank you. and you?yes. today?. i'm going home, and have a dinner with my family.i have a sister and father and mother. my sister is twenty-one years old. and she study  psychology in . i major political science. i'm interested in foreign countries and i want to work for the united nations in the future. so i study political science.because  in the united nations,  japanese workers are not so  many.     so i try to contribute to the world.usually, i'm going home, or meet friends, and have dinner with them. . italian restaurant  maybe in shibuya or shinjuku. because   the traffic is convenient.  i don't know so much restaurants because most of the time, the friend  who go with dinner know restaurants. and     she took me to the restaurant. . she is a friend since  we were junior high school students.   now she study about economic in . . a girl is living in a room with a cat and a dog.  she sat down in front of a desk. on the desk, there is a computer and typewriter.  the cat is sleeping on the bed. and the dog is also sleeping near the bed.  in this room, there is  one big window. yes. there are  a desk and bed and closet and a bookshelf. because my room is very small,  it's very crowded.  i have no animals in my room.  and my room is not so big like this.  and i don't have telephone in my room. .hello. this is . are you free on next friday?. how about going to movie together?. what kind of movie would you like to watch?o k. . i want to see the movie titled go. how about going to see go?  my favorite actor is on movie.  it's not comedy, but it's serious story.  what time are you free? how about  meeting at noon?and have lunch together. and after that, let's see the movie.  where is your nearest movie theater?shinjuku. so let's meet in shinjuku. yeah.  how about meeting at   south exit of j r station. so see you at noon on friday. thank you. going to theater..  big screen and great sound. and  i like the atmosphere   of the theater. my mother like movies, and she check movies on magazines. and she told me  nice movie. one day last week, a woman went to a department store to buy a present for her husband. she found a nice tie  for her husband's birthday. and she bought it. after that,    she found  there is a final sale of shoes.  and she bought  shoes for herself. and she found  clothes are  also sold  cheaper than usual. so she found some clothes, too.  and  when she left the department, she have  many baggages  because she bought many many things .no. when we were  very little,  we give presents each other. but now we did not celebrate. last birthday. . on my last birthday, i was not in my home.  i was traveling to spain.  so my family did not celebrate my birthday. but  friends who went to the spain together celebrated my birthday.we ate cake, and  they gave me some presents..at home? . after we ate dinner,  we watch television. and maybe i go to bed very early.so i don't talk very much with my family. yes. do you know the program, "itoke no shokutaku"?.