 yes. my name is . nice to meet you. fine. yeah. how are you doing? yeah, i'm working for a u s bank.and  my main assignment is  marketing of  trade finance products to  japanese companies.  yes.  enjoy that a lot. yeah.  a difficult question. yeah.    yeah,   i have some  favorite points of my job.    one is to  communicate my customers and    make relationship with them  more close. yeah, and another point is  to close the profitable deal  for my company.   yeah, and sometimes  i have to talk  with  other branch's staffs  in english. unfortunately, my english is not so good. but  yeah, if  i succeed    to  perform in complete my work using english, then  i could be very happy..yes.  on weekend,  i usually  go to  tea ceremony lesson on saturday, and  golf lesson  also. yeah, and on  sunday,       i like shopping around my home   or  having a time with my friends and sometimes    i go to play golf with my friends.yeah. .      because  i can learn  a lot of things of  japanese traditional culture  through tea ceremony. and also     i can be  comfortable and  peaceful   when i attend tea ceremony.. . thank you .yes.yes.. ?.    let me see.  .   . yeah,    i suppose   this picture shows the very gorgeous and popular french restaurant. yeah. there are so many couples.  and  everyone     look enjoyable  for dinner or wine or   talking each other.   .  .. yes.any differences. . yeah.  in my favorite restaurant,there are  yeah, more group guests   in addition to the couples.    and   i think the  space of the restaurant is so    large.  yeah. i suppose    each table  looks so large and  is  set  far from other tables...?yes.hello? yes.hello. yeah.  hi, . fine. how about you?. yeah.   yeah.  today,    invite to the interesting movie.yeah. recently,  i found a good movie. then shall we go? yeah. then     when are you available in next week?anytime? . good.  then how about monday evening? great.   then      the movie will start at seven o'clock.   so   when and where  shall we meet?. shibuya.. o k. yeah. great. then    i'm looking for  seeing you at    hachiko   at the shibuya station at six-thirty.you're most welcome.bye-bye. ...   for me,  both are preferable. .. yeah.   if i find a friend  who can go to the movie with me together, then  maybe i prefer to go to the movie theater.yeah. but      unfortunately if i cannot find  somebody or   at   late in night, yeah,  i can watch the video at home...yes.yes.yes.o k. . . yeah.  one day last week,   as i was very hungry, so i intended to  cook my dinner.. then  i checked my  freezer. but  there were nothing in the  freezer. so     i took my car and went to the supermarket near to my house. then  i shopped around the supermarket.   i bought meat, eggs,  some vegetables, et cetera. then  i came back to my home by my car. then  finally,   i cooked my dinner. the  manin dish for     one side  egg.yes. thank you.. last time.     last saturday. yeah, last saturday, i cooked  sukiyaki . yes..recipe?. very, very simple.. yeah. at first,  steamed  rice. and  prepares the sauce for sukiyaki.  yeah, and at first,    put the sukiyaki sauce into the   pan.and make hot.and    on the other hand, i sliced the     i forgot the name  one vegetable. yellow and round,and so many piece.yes. and sliced.then   baked by the skiyaki sauce. if the vegetable make  soft, then      put beef on that.yeah. and    then,  put into  steamed rice in the bowl. and     on rice put the vegetable and  beef,    on the middle of the  bowl      spring hot egg.  maybe different. in japanese  egg  put on the middle of the cook. and    yeah, some sesame,also put.that's all. very simple. .yes.tonight?. yeah,  at first, originally  i had an appointment with my friend for dinner after this examination.yeah. but today,  very bad weather. so   i went back my home  quickly and have to make my dinner. but now,   i don't have any idea. when i came back home, then  i will check my      refrigerator  and   will think  what can i make. .. thank you. 