good morning. my name is . .  i'm fine.  how about you?. today, you know,  our company,  have casual friday so  we can wear the favorite clothes. as we like.i belong to the accounting section. so, especially,    accounting section,  we can wear  free clothes. so   i belong to the accounting section  which is   controlling the,  sales department. so, and also    my job has two assignments.yeah. one is to make financial statement.  such financial statement as , and the other is to check the management condition of the subsidiary  which are located  all over the world.no way. because   i've worked for  for  about two years. so now i don't have chance to go to  oversea on business.but,  i don't like my job.    i suppose to be in a office all day. so i can't stand that. so,  actually,   i want to meet customers to negotiate,and i want to sell  some commodity.  but, i have no chance to do that now. so,  a lot.. so,  other company's?  i like karaoke and  i like sports,  such as golftennis.yeah.  in the .   i returned to japan  .in december. so,   while   i was in the , sometimes i went to the golf course.  by cheaper price.yes. o k.  could you give me thirtyseconds? but,  i saw the picture. ?o k.no.o k. i'd like to start.   here's a snow mountain.  there are a lot of people to play skiing.  so we can see a lot of  young boys and  young women.  and also a lodge. so,  there are four kids  playing the  snow, what can i say, so, o k.  they are throwing snowball each other.  and  in front of  me we can see the  boy   who wears the green suit.  he is throwing the snowball and hit a  opponent.   and also,  some people playing skiing, others   snowboarding.    in the lodge,   we can see two people. they are talking about something and drinking  over a cup of coffee.  and maybe,  they don't like cold winter.   o k.    the person in the black jacket   he fell to  playing the skiing. so, he slip the snow field. and,   we can see the two people in front of the picture, and maybe their relationship is,  husband and a wife. so because they are friendly playing skiing.  they are enjoy.  and the young girl  in yellow jacket and  yellow hair,maybe they are professional skier, i think because  their  style of skiing is very cool.  .winter sports?  next week,  i'm gonna go to skiing with my friend. so, i like skiing,snowboard.  now, i don't decide the place.maybe niigata.by train.. . because i found out a very useful ticketin the view plaza   which is  by j r. something like travel agency.yes. very reasonable. it to you. .o k.just a second. good. travel agency. .hi. i wanna go to oversea   go trip. what place do you recommend?.asian.  sounds good. so,  i want to go to bali . do you have  bali island tour?two tours. could you explain the  tour in detail? i'm gonna to play,  scuba divingin bali island.can i play?a? how much  is the   package a?one hundred thousand yen.  i think a little expensive.so, how about b?fifty thousand yen. good.so,    i wanna take a trip with my girl friend. do you recommend the package b tour?.sounds good.     the room  which we are supposed to stay  is located in front of the sea?? that's good.  and,  price, also is good.so, o k.  i decideed....yes. .   no, the place. i like beach.i like the beach.in order to swim, and also to play scuba diving.  so,    the most important thing is to decide the place.  when i was in the ,    i stay   state. so, near the   florida. so,  i went to the florida, orlando  three times.by car.  so, it  took  over ten hours one-way.o k.i see.. o k. the  young wife   is supposed to buy something for her husband.  is entering department store.   and also,  when they pass the   tie corner  at a glance the green and yellow spot tie,     she liked it. so, she ask the clerk  how much and   the price. so,   look her birthday. so,  and also the clerk recommended it to her  for her husband's birthday. and, she paid that by cash,  and also   when she went out the department store,  she notice the  high heel shoes, and also final sale.   thirty percent off. so,  suddenly, she wanted to buy,  shoes.  and  so. o k. and, she bought some shoes. next, beside  she found the  symbol    fifty percent off. so, she was surprised at the copy. so, she was excited to buy something. and,    she looked for  her favorite clothes.  and finally she found a yellow and green clothes. and she also  bought it.   because she bought  to her heart content, so  she looked so happy and    she went home.. yes. i'm supposed to attend the party which my friend will hold this afternoon.yeah.this evening. yeah, .but, i don't know the detail the purpose. and,   what member,  will cometo the party.yeah. i hope so.thank you.