my name is .yes, .today?. i came from my office.. it   in the   .i live in ..     it is close     harbor.yes.. no. i moved last month.  i moved from  in  prefecture.. i'm not  familiar right now. but   you said ?.  is  getting  big and  getting to crowd.  but      around my home,  it doesn't any change. there are  a lot of  green and farming place.my family?yes.  i have  four  family include me.  father  and mother and me,  one younger brother.   he has a  his own company.   very small, but he loved his job.. i think  especially, management of people, it's  very hard point for him. . . he can do anything what he wants,according his curiosity. so, he has a freedom.. because  if he has   about some kind of foods,  he can use that kind of foods for his business. can decide by himself.. .yes. . my hobby is traveling to go to abroad.. i went to taiwan last  september. . i had  some of friends at there. and before the trip, i tried to get in touch with them and i can meet them at there. so i went    only me.  it wasn't belonging to tour. but i can go around place with them.. .yes.    there is a  two animals. one is dog, and  the other is  cat. and one lady is working  with computer, and she has a lot of electronic things  in hers room. it looks like hers office. and she wears  green sweater, and  also hers bed cover is green.   colorful  color for this room.. . i don't have any pets right now. also,       it wasn't organized like this..   i'm      i'm not good at cleaning. so just i put   my stuff around there. and  i don't put the bookshelf my books, put there. .yes, i .. basically, i use that  for my mails, and to get touch in with my friend and also my co-worker.  i'm not sure.  but,  . yes.  computer can  hold a lot of  data on the  machine. and it is wise to  space. and also   it can be used fax machine, also   can see d v d. .. i'm not.yes.o k. yes..  i bought this bag  yesterday. but    i don't like this one and    could you change, or     could you change this one?yes..  i know    but i found the some of the scratch there.  but  when i bought that i didn't notice   i think that is kind of  mistake your shop, because you didn't  tell .  so,.so you take that.. but you know, this one is printed your shop's name,,     if i having the bag,  it is  and you also put a scratch . it's not good your shop's    advertisement. .yes, i have it.. yes. ..o k. . yes. i love ..   sometimes i had a kind of  situation, but normally,  i don't want to against to someone, so   i didn't try to    refund... ken  and  minako is   and walking. and  they listen some of the sounds. and it's like  animal's voice. . minako found this box. and she opened the box, and she found the   small dog  in the box. and she want to bring back to home, but ken  doesn't  accept hers  hope.  but  minako try to ask to him again and again. and finally,   ken  agree with hers  demand, and they bring back to  the dog to  theirs house.actually,  i'm having pet at my parents' place.. i would like to bring him to my place, but    that is a kind of mansion, and i can't have the animal at the mansion.  i don't know. but when    but i talked with him,    i can relax. and also,   maybe the animal can relax the human's  heart or,.   i can't understand their feeling. because  the dog or so animal cannot talk but     they have life and   i can't understand  the people can throw away animal like a garbage or something. they are  they have the feeling. maybe  i do  .. i'm going to meet  my co-worker and   we are going to plan to go trip. so tonight we are talking about,. no.    we'd like to go ,this time... thank you. thank you very much.