hello..my name is .yes, please.i'm fine, thank you. you?today's lunch? i ate     made my mother.it is so delicious.lunch?   i always have lunch at my home or at university's cafeteria.cafeteria? . i use cafeteria of  toyama campus. and i ate lunch with my friend. and cafeteria's lunch is cheap and delicious. so   i like   to eat lunch at there.and   if i  go there,  i can meet  friends of mine. so i'm happy.recommendation? what ?.   i like ,and  with rice and .so i often eat that.i like my mother's lunch the better.  because    i ate  her lunch from i born.so i love it.weekend.i like reading a books or  go shopping with my friend.i like reading books. so   on weekend,  i read two or three books  or so...i like     novels.. i like novels  which is written by japanese young woman's writer. so i like ekuni kaori the best. know?because  her novels is so kind and  have     original.so i like that her books.  i like her books and i like  "" the best of her book.picture.. there is a big home   and that day is very fine day. so, many children play  on the street. and  man is running. and   cat is sleeping. and   the old man is reading newspaper. and  it looks so  peaceful. and    it might be   hot day. . it looks  so nice day of the weekend.  i lives in kodaira  with my family.. no.    my home  lies on the  bed town of tokyo. so near my home,  there are   many homes. so  it's don't looks like  this picture..   my neighborhood  house is not so big. it is small and narrow.so  there is no    vacant room, two  three or so..no. i don't like sports.because i'm not good at sports. .      i'm very tired to do sports. so i don't like moving. so i like reading or shopping or listening music.yeah..yes. o k.. i want to buy a skirt. and  i want a red skirt. and  not so long but so not short. and  i like a red skirt with frill.do you have?? i see. thank you. .   is there more longer one? where  is this? .. can i try it on?thank you.. thank you.so how much is this?five thousand? . i like it. i want to buy it, .here you are.thank you very much.bye..yes.favorite shop?  the bookshop is the best. and if i have free time,  i will go to bookshop. and  to choose a book to read. . i like kinokuniya  at shinjuku.  that shop is very big and have many books. and there is a theater, too. so  i like that shop.theater.yes.  drama, too. and    i am a member of the  theatrical company.so i like it. that shop has  two section which is   book shop and  theater. so i like it.   i become the member of   that company  this year. so  on december,       i join the play. so   i practice everyday, this ..yes. it is the . i'm very    fun,to join this. ..yes.yes.. .     can i call he?? . one day last week,   he went to restaurant   with his father for his father's birthday. and   his father want to sit round table's seat. so  they sat that  round table's seat. and they decide the food.  not the same one.   he ordered  fish and his father ordered meat. so they enjoyed eating food.  that dinner was very nice. and  he drank  beer and his father drank  the other alcohol drink. and   they had a good time there. but his father paid.  he didn't paid.   and after the dinner,  he and his father  parted and  have a good-bye.  because he is  the student of university. so    he lived alone. so they are parted.birthday.my birthday is july  twenty-two. i went to inogashira park   and there,   i got a boat with my boyfriend and have a dinner. and after that,  we play , at that park and   we had a dinner at kichijoji. and i back to home. and with my mother, we have   with alcohol. because   i became  twenty years old that day.. .so  it was the  very nice day,for me.but it is not many. but   i got pearl by family and bag by my aunt and  by my grandmother and grandfather.but my boyfriend didn't give me  the present.yes. very much.yes..     i will take a picture of   for become aging day.so i will wear new ,the first time.so i'm looking forward to .yeah.yes. but  i can't wear  by myself. i only wear by myself .   but i like it. it is very beautiful...yes..