 my name is  of  corporation.. please call me ..  when i stayed in ,  i have experience  home stayin .so my host family call me.yeah.i lived in  city   which takes one hour from here.so everyday,  i get on train   to .yeah, it's so crowded    but  everyday,   i usually read the newspaper in the trainor learning  english book so not so boring..  . i transit  the  to subway.. subway is not so crowded, i can read the everyday.yeah..   i usually go out with my girlfriend. my girl friend and i   have the same hobby.  for example, i like climb the mountain .so  we usually go out  to climb a mountain by car.. i have experience to climb mount fuji  which is the highest mountain in japan. it was so exciting but  we are so tired.so ..  it takes about seven hour to climb andgo down,  it took about  four or five hours.. i'm not sure.maybe. .. and i like ski very much so in winter season,my girlfriend and i   often go to skiing in nagano or yamamashiby car.ski slope.  i like  karuizawa. do you know ? karuizawa is the nearestskiing slopefrom tokyo.it takes about one hour or one and half  hour. so we can go there easily  by car..  my  skiing skill  is intermediate level. so  it is enough  for usto enjoy skiing.yeah.could you give me a few minutes?? fifteen seconds? o k.can i start?. this picture shows the situation of the room of my friend. the pretty girl   who is sitting in chair is my girlfriend.  her name is naoko.she is working in computer company. so she has a personal computer and word processor on her desk.  she often make a e-mail by this computer, and on the weekend,  she sometimes do  work at home by this computer.   the center of room there are big c d player  because she likes  listening to the classical music very much. so he bought last week.  on her free time,   she often listen to classical music  everyday.  near the c d player,  there are  phone. she likes to   talk with her friend.  she often call her friend  many times.. that's fine?how did you meet your girlfriend? i have a car, so i drive  my carto my girlfriend's house..first time.  when i was  high school student, sixteen years old, i met her.so  we are get along with still now..secret?. i believe her very much and she trust mevery much.  it is a    good point for us. .it's difficult to explain. . could you give methirty seconds?.o k. i'd like to go to europeon my travel.so please give me the information the european country. i'd like to go  italy. so which is the best way to go to italy?really? i live in  so i'd like to use  narita airport,directly milan.. can i get the ticket?how much is that?depends on time?i'd like to the cheapest ticket. please show us the  price list. i'd like to go in the summer..  and  i'm stranger in italy, so   i'd like to make a reservation of hotel in italy.  could you book the reservation?sure?and can i select the hotel? i'd like to get the  ., cheapest one. i have a little money.please.. o k.  how much is that?. three days.yeah. i'm so busy now. ..  it's cheap.please book the airplane ticketand make a reservation of hotel..thank you.thank you very much..favorite place?  i like europe very much.   when i was university student,  i went the european countries, for example, italy, switzerland,  germany,  netherland, france, belgium .. it was so difficult because i can speak only english. so especially in french, french people  could not speak english. so  it's so difficult to communicate..   when i stayed in paris,  i didn't make a reservation of hotel in paris.  so  i was looking for the   vacant room.  but i couldn't find the good room so i slept in the train.. .  just i cannot communicate with the hotel clerk.so  the  worst memories in europe. yeah.yeah..o k. could you give me thirty seconds? i'm sorry. thank you for your cooperation.o k.  one day last week, the young wife went to the shopping  to department store in shinjuku. because next sunday  will be her husband birthday. so he would like to buy a present for him.  she already decided what should buy, so she went the men's clothes section directly. and she chose the green necktie for him because  his favorite color is green so she chose the green necktie. she asked the clerk to  wrap with beautiful wrapping for present.and she paid by cash. and then after shopping,   she found the beautiful, good  shoes for womens. she would like to get  shoes because   next saturday, her husband and she was supposed to go dating at ginza.    after shopping the shoes, also she would like to get the women's clothes.  this department store is sale on fifty-percent-off discount, so she bought the women's clothes, too. she enjoyed the shopping very much. and   she was satisfied with  shopping.that's all.thank you. .last present? ringfor christmas present. .yeah.yeah.very busy. maybe  i will go home at midnight.yeah.. thank you very much. thank you.