hi.. my name is . i have many hobbies. . one is  playing  . and  other is watching t v.. i have done    for half years.half a year.yes.so  when i went to , my host family  played . so that's  encourage me play that sport. i went to    one years ago.last year.. i'm from  city which located  north part of  prefecture. it takes  about one hours from here by train.on the train?  i usually do listening to music, or  listening  some english tape.. actually, today  i slept on train because i feel a little tired.. because  yesterday, i had worked till very late.so  that was the reason. i'm sorry.  it's my mistake. never mind. describe it. . .  it is very nice sunday. . many people are playing around house. . on the top of that, there are   three dogs and one cat. one cat  is sleeping on the car.    .    o k. that's all.do you have some  question?. because there are many children playing   around a house. . sunday children  don't have to go to school.   so  i think  it is sunday.. i'd like to live big house.because if i live in a big house, i can play in a backyard. i want to  play soccer or something like that sports.yes.. just a little bit..o k.yes. . i want to go to the new york city by train.so     how can i get new york city?next train? how much does it cost from here?twenty five dollar? is that one way ticket?. o k. i will get the ticket.thank you very much.. . thank you.never. i have never been to there.i have been to  just one time.. when i was a  university student, i've been to there. i spent with  host family. they are very kind.    and i went to language school every day   through one month.. language school is very casual compared with japanese school. so teacher  were very funny, and they are very interesting.       they knew   how to pleased  students very well.o k.may i start?.  one day last week,  i and my father  went to the restaurant  which was very famous for good atmosphere and food. then we entered the restaurant,   one  waiter  guided me to the good seat. after that,  another waiter came to my desk, and she recommended  very good lamb and meat.  so we  decided to have that recommended meat. and then   we had very good time to eat. . my father    very good   at eating. after eating,  i was very full with very nice meat. then  my father and i  left the restaurant.  that was very  nice memory one the last week. that's it.don't mention it.. pardon me?what is good about?good point, you mean?.   that's depend at.   we can have very hot meal with no effort. so i mean,  we don't have to have effort to make cooking.and some restaurants have good music or good atmosphere. i think    they are the main reasons.. sometimes..   i worked for the   company so sometimes there are many  customers came to office to negotiation. when they  come my office, my boss and i and customer  would often  used to go to restaurant... that's my mistake. ..yes. i   went to shopping with my girl friend.   i buy some clothes.   i didn't buy her. but  i treated her some lunch.,it was..