.my name is ..yeah, i'm , thank you.?.this afternoon,   i'll go to school to have some classes.and, after that i'll play with my band.band..     this saturday and   the day after tomorrow, we will have a  concert.and  i will sing my band.    my band's members are me and only my friend,  one friend..  he plays guitar, and i sing.only that. and    we will sing a  original song.yeah.my free time,    reading a book   watch a movies. and ,  something like that.my favorite writer?  haruki murakami.do you know?you don't know.  he wrote, " woods of norway"."woods in norway"?   i don't know the name in english. or " adventure of sheeps". he wrote,   something like  s f stories or sub-cultures.i like him. i like his books,his writing.      sorry,   in his universityhood,  he lived near my house.my house is,  near .,   he lived in dormitory, .     i live alone.  i live alone     in apartment..  what kind of apartment,   my rooms is on four stairs.but,  no elevator. only stairs.so   busy  in the morning... describe? main persons are three persons.      sorry,       a man  and girl  have date. and      they have dinners.  and    a man is drinking the wine. and she is  waiting for wine, as well. and     a waiter is having wine bottle      beside the table.  and ,  they are waiting   main dish.  they don't have anything without wine, i think.. i like it  very much. because   usually   i can't go to eat  like these restaurant.  because we are .we don't have so much money. so,      i like eating      good taste dinner. and  i like beautiful dress. but, usually i can't. compare?  i think,   i prefer more   cheaper restaurant. because it's easy to go, and  easy  .and  to prepare  many things.   i think i cannot feel easy at these restaurant. ..yes..o k.  . ..yeah.  i wanna go somewhere in the foreign countries. but    i don't decide the anywhere i wanna go.  please tell me somewhere i can go,  and good place i can go. yeah.   i don't have so much money to go. where is the cheaper?hawaii or guam?  how about egypt?expensive?. expensive from japan?oops. so, guam or hawaii is the best?. . how much is this? what? to egypt? guam and hawaii.fifty thousand yen.thirty thousand yen? very cheap..    more expensive for hokkaido. . i'm very surprised. o k.   so, when    i decide to go hawaii.   when is the best day to go??. i can swim?.. so, how much money,   i can bring?up to me..yeah. yeah. ..see you.winter vacation,   i don't decided it yet. but  probably i wanna go to malaysia or somewhere near  there. singapore or thailand. but   i wanna go to poland the best. i have a friend in poland.. but i think,  expensive . to go to poland is very expensive, i think..last summer,       my hometown is in , i back  to ...yeah..    so   stories?o k.      can i start?o k.  i'm mama. in a family,   i have a  papa and  her husband. and i have  two  children.so  this is a lunch time. but  this a lunch time  my husband in a company. childrens are in school.  i'm alone. so i'm gonna make delicious lunch  only for me. yes,   so  let's open the fridge.but     i don't  find any foods.  my god. o k. and  so, o k.    anyway i wanna have delicious food for only me. so    i drive my car to go supermarket. so, what is the best dishes? what is the best lunch only for me? because only for me,  i can spend lots of money only for me. o k. so,   i bought  lots of foods only for me.  but      it is better  to spend of money      to buy  something  for my family, husband and  children.    something like kiss. o k. let's buy.  and      i bought lots of foods.   i can't bring   them. so       i took off in a    backside of a car. and i    back to my sweet home. o k. let's make   great dish only for me.yes.? i don't have yet. no,  i don't have yet. i like cooking.my special dish?  .my favorite dish.     i like a  climbing mountain., o k. understand. climbing mountain   on a top of mountain,  i can make  delicious rice.and, delicious  soup. and   something good delicious lunch, good delicious food.  we can eat in a mountain.  so  i use   and  big pot.and   i can cut  on a milk pack . and  so  i will      boil      all of them,  vegetables and pork or meat,  all of them. and   only taste ..yeah.yeah. but  i think it's the  best food..yeah.    in my university..yeah, because,    only one my friend.and  he plays only one guitar.it's very easy to practice... very much.