. my name is . i'm fine.a little tired.   i forgot the name. sorry,   i took three english. . not .  about this class today. but other classes are o k. my favorite class is  american literature class,  there, we are learning about the both the culture and   the places around america, like  actually   it's a half geographical study and a half literature study. and  we study how each places connect to people's feeling of the each parts of the u. s. like how people in new england feel about themselves and how these spirits reflect to the  literature of each part of the united states. until this tuesday, i had to finish my essays. i was really busy and i study all day. but now i finished and i will date with my boyfriend  ..he's really nice. and he's playing soccer.  i mean, he's not professional soccer player but he is playing soccer for fifteen years. so  i think he's really good soccer player.the same as professional. . i do. but just watching. i can't play any.soccer team?   i don't have any particular soccer team but i usually support  japan team for like  world cup or olympics. but i'm not really big fan or huge fan of soccer. i just enjoy watching any kind of soccer games..? i usually go  because i live in , close to my house. that's very expensive. and i figure it's not my place. because i cannot afford buying  products. yeah. and i think i'm not  suitable yet to have such expensive products. maybe ten years later, i will go shopping around ginza or aoyama. but not now.  i just go around the shop i like   and   like accidentally find it. so that's why i cannot stop buying. .yeah. i guess it's a wedding banquet, . and the girl and boy are having dinner together. actually, the guy is having wine. i think he's tasting wine at first. yeah. and should i explain more?o k.   actually  sorry, correction. it's not wedding party. i think it's  just a restaurant, maybe expensive french restaurant. and three couples are having dinner. yeah. and maybe waiter's explaining the wine  the guy with yellow suit is having.yeah.  right now, i just go to more cheap cafe around my house.one of them?   i live in .and there are  a lot of cafe or  cafe, maybe twenty or thirty all together. but i usually go to the one which is closest to my house. and  the reason i like that place is because they had huge amount of food which is my size.so i'm always satisfied with that amount. actually, i don't really celebrate outside like restaurant because i like cooking and i really like to have like a home party at my house.and i love to cook a lot for the people i invited. so for like christmas or someone's birthday party, i usually cook dinner and invite some of my friends.  actually i have been very busy this year, so  the last one i had was the christmas party last year.   i invited about ten people and  i made a roasted turkey and the apple pie and  other stuffs. but i cooked all by myself..o k.. yes. actually i was going to take  the train started at three p. m. but i missed the train by a small accident. so could you please exchange the ticket or    could you give back the money for me? but    actually i took a bus to get to the train and  a little accident  which was out of my plan. so i could be on time to take the train but there was accident and  i hope you can  accept the situation and change  the train ticket, please.. . so o k. how about i go to the bus office now and i try to make    some kind of notes to prove the accident? so i'll come back here in one hour. so if i have the sheets of paper, could you exchange for day to maybe tomorrow?o k. so i'll definitely come back here  in one hour or so. i promise to come back here, and hopefully,  i can get the money back and  reserve for the next train.yeah.thank you very much.o k.i do.yeah..   i guess traveling in japan is much easier because i don't have to speak english and i can usually understand all circumstances like transportation situations or  of course culture as . but the travel abroad is also fun because i always find  new things and that's very good study for me. and also i can practice my english. so i like both. but one thing i don't like about travel is i hate packing.so  that's the biggest problem for me.whether i go either japan or abroad, i usually hate packing. so that's a big . i guess the most important thing is if i really interest in the place.for example, i like art.  i took art history class   year  and   i'm interested in european art, so i usually pick up places where the famous museums are like especially i love london because they have a lot of galleries and art museums there. so  i went there a couple of times. and i haven't finished yet to see all the galleries and museums.o k.. yeah. this one?actually,   the page number is written like f one or b one. this one?.o k.one day last week, a friend of mine was dating with her boyfriend. but that was raining. and when they were walking on the street, they could hear  a little noise and it sounded like  the cat's meowing. so they opened the box  and there was  one kitten in the box. and  my friend really wanted to have the kitty because she was really pretty. but the boyfriend was kind of thinking   what he should do. but she  asked for  so many times so   he finally accepted her. and they decided to take the kitten and brought the  kitten to their home.i usually  i mean, try to talk like why you think so and why i don't think so. and think that i try to make a compromise which both of us can agree. that's the solution..from my experience?  i don't know. or i haven't had that kind of a situation. but it's a little bit different, but i had a lot of a similar situation as this cat's story.  i really love cat and wanted to have a cat. but my mother didn't want to have any cat because  she loves dogs but she didn't like cat because she never had  a cat. but one day,  friend told me that her friend find  the stray cat, a kitten. and her friend's friend was looking for someone to take care of the cat. so i said her  i want to have the cat because i really wanted to. but my mother said no, because she hated cat. but   and also that my mom went to travel. so i decided to have a catwhile she was  not at home. so asked  my friends to bring the cat. and now we're having a cat, and my mom's  loves him.. it wasn't ...   i may go to ..o k. thank you.