hello.my name is .sure. go ahead.  i lived in canada for  fifteen years. and while i was there, people couldn't pronounce my proper japanese name, . then they started to call me like ,  and  , , .so ended up in this name, .and it's a shortened    as .. originally i wanted to study english there.and i went there as a student.and i ended up marrying with a canadian person. and  i just stayed there as a result.  i think i needed a change of scenery.and  i was having trouble with  my boyfriend .so  i had to come home and  look  something different.yeah. no. just home. because  my father  had passed away a few years back prior my returning.so i thought i should be good to my mother.  to visit her and   live closer to her.and  so long as i live in japan,i could visit as in terms of . i didn't consider any other country... no as often   as i should. because  she is in hospital  right now. so actually  she's bedridden. . so i should be visiting her  more times but   i simply can't because  just my husband and i started a new business.so it's not a good reason to say "i don't have enough time.".but  the reality is that..my  elder sister and her husband.they are very kind. and they live close to the hospital. so they are taking care of my mother.. o k.  she's four years older than i am, i think. and she's been a housewife all the time. she was, at one time,   like a teacher, but after she got married, she just stayed home,took care of her sons and.so, a typical japanese housewife...o k. . this is a classroom in high school, maybe. and  i think this lady is  giving a lesson in mathematics. but the  students' attitudes are various. yes. only one,  i think i see in the front row, this boy in the middle, yeah he's listening to what she's saying. but other students are doing their own things like  one boy, chewing gum, looking outside, and girls are talking with the boys. one boy is listening to  this  music while drinking some tea. and this girl is  sending  e-mail, i think. so it's not a very  good class.. i didn't think  of english. when i wanted to go to canada, i wanted to see abroad.something different from japan.so   i didn't really think of "o k, i'm going to study," but i wanted to see the different culture. and i had friends there. so  i got into  to visit some friends there. ... it's so long agoso  it's hard to remember. but  i guess in my high school days,   we  all wore uniforms.and    at least i paid respect to   what i was taught. and then i tried to listen to all the teachers.you know. so the attitude was quite different. yeah.. i'm not sure. but the  it's   too much influence from  western countries? i don't know maybe  people  stress on freedom  other things.for example, uniforms.   they started to say, "o k, we are individual persons so we should be able to decide what to wear to school.". so some schools, they don't have uniforms. at that time,   forty years ago,  we didn't have that much freedom or influence. so maybe that's the difference. and   system is changing.....excuse me.. yes. i don't know who to ask. but  i missed the train i made a reservation for.and   is it possible for you to give me authorization to give me refund or change to other trains?. but  see,    when i was about to leave the house, i had  an important phone call from overseasand i had to talk with this manager in  oversea countries. so  it took  longer than i had expected. so  i couldn't plan this one. so if it's possible, i wouldn't mind waiting here  for another train maybe  one hour or one and a half hour..yeah. but like i said, like i work for a company and  we have a various  branch offices   worldwide..so i couldn't plan.  something emergency.    really important thing is happening in   branch offices,and  couldn't just cut off. yeah..o k. i wouldn't mind at all. .thank you for your help.....it's a language school. and  we are  providing services to companies in . and    since we have a basic contract with , we can send  teachers to teach english to their branch offices.so  that's what we are trying to do... the most important point is, i think,  our approach. like there are hundreds of language schools nationwide. and if we establish a company like similar to them like nova or geos, we don't have any feature, special characteristics. so i guess you have to focus on  something unique,    that is not be learned at  other schools, i mean. we try to  use the  proficiency program   it's a program by  system, i think. and  of course  we can't  deliver the  exact courses. but  eliciting some   speeches or conversations or ideas from students,  i think those are  very important .......o k.  one day last week, i was  going to church on sunday. and  i was enjoying the  drive. and it's only  five minutes from home. but all of a sudden, i saw  a green motorbike. and  this guy was talking  on the cellphone. maybe  he was talking to her  girlfriend. and  unexpectedly  he  dropped his cellphone and   we collided  to each other. and  unfortunately his  tail lamp was broken from the accident. and   he claimed  "this is your fault.". but   i couldn't agree with his  claim, so we called a  police officer.   one police officer and took a statement.  i and  the  motorcyclist,  we explain what happened. and   unfortunately,  his motorbike was  damaged too bad, so he couldn't    ride on it any further. so  it had to be taken to the mechanics.o k.. i think   in general they are very kind.o k. and     especially, when it snows  we tend to drive very carefully.. and i think  very  lenient or generous, should i say. for example,  when we make right turns,they let us go, even.so  they're  this patient.and driving manners are generally good.. because i guess, in countrysides, when it snows or when it's icy,i think all of us how torturous it could be.so  very carefully... i'm going to have   a reunion with a friend of mine.and then go home. and give lessons to my students.yes. evening lessons. yeah.but if i can't make it, i'll have to cancel it. but  i will try to be homeby seven, i think.. semi-private. yeah.thank you very much.