.nice to meet you.i'm fine, thank you. and you?i came from ..  it's a suburb of  area.and i think it's very famous for    t v series that was broadcast, it's, i think, ten years ago.and the title was "". and they had an affair and living in a very nice neighborhood and it became very famous for that.so i think it's a very nice place to live. it's very convenient. you can get  english school, prep school, and also a very nice department store.and also good private schools for your kids.so everything is near your side.that's a very good point.. i live there for ten years with my family. i have one daughter and one son and a husband. and my son is now preparing for the entrance examination of the university. daughter will be a high school student  spring.what do i what? he is a pretty independent boy.so i didn't need to care  about him so much for the last one year. but  sometimes he needs to talk about his career,about his dream,what he wants to do. he's a very talkative boy. so i'm working and i came very late at night.but he always follows me. and even he comes to my bathroom when i'm  taking . . maybe that is what i have to do.. i like playing tennis and also jazz dancing..yeah. there once a week. i've been going there for seven years now.and we usually have summer performance every summer.and for that occasion, we prepare one year. and my teacher was a  choreographer of takarazukawhich is famous for musical. and i'm going on sunday class because  it's the only available day for me. but usually sunday class is for teenagers. all my friends are teenagers. and they are very quick to rememberthe choreography. i always ask them to teach me.   i think i'm very, very cute in that class. . it's a nice restaurant. and  three couples are eating dinner. and a waiter is introducing a wine. and the man at the center table is tasting. they are chatting very nicely. and also  this must be a very good restaurant because there is a live piano performance. and only couples are here. i think it  must be a very nice place for a date.? first of all, because my son eats a lot, we cannot afford to go to a nice restaurant like .i'm sure after we ate dinner at  restaurant my son would say, "so what can i eat?". .so we usually go to a chinese restaurant nearby,which is very cheap and also   provides big  quantity..  we usually celebrate at home.with a birthday cake.i'm determined to go to a nice restaurant like this on my own.  my last  birthday,    as usual, we had a party at home. and my daughter   selected a birthday cake .also many candles. but of course we cannot  offer all the candles of my age because we need too much. you cannot see the cake any more. just maybe four or five. and they sang a song i blew off. just like a kinder birthday party.....o k.o k.. i bought this dress .but then i found a little hole here. you see?so i want you to give me the next one for this one.yeah. i tried it on last day. . because it's a very small hole. we didn't have any chance to look at it. i got home, on again and then found it.but it's new.brand new. why do i need to  have a new dress with a hole? i don't like it.i hate sewing.i wanna get refund. i have a receipt here. o k. then can i get another dress in your shop?yeah. it's o k.o k. yeah. often..  it often happens, but after i got home, i realize that the dress i bought doesn't fit  you know, outside. because  when you try, you usually try it inside the shop. and the lighting is different. but when you go outside, it looks different. and i don't like that  look on outside. so i sometimes go to the shop again and ask them to change it.but then i'm often persuaded by the clerk.  and i come back. . it's in the nearest department store. i usually go to the same shop.i'm a catch for them.  i go to a private shop in the department store. so personally i like private shops.  i think it's much better because   the sales ladies working there knows your taste.and when they get what they think you might like it, they'll call you. and arrange it for you. i like the atmosphere that three or four ladies are surrounding me and  try to dress me. and just, you know, cheer me up.   it makes me feel very good.so i definitely think private shops are superior than those . is that so? .o k.o k.  one day last week, two girls are preparing for camping. they planned to stay overnight in a tent in a nice suburb near the river. they build up tent and tried to cook dinner for them. but suddenly, the rain started. and  it became very gusty,   so the tent is blown off and they cannot stay near the river any more. it's very dangerous. so they made up their mind and got in the car and drove back. but on their way, they found a nice hotel nearby. and the sky is having a lots of lightening. it must be very dangerous to drive a car even in that severe weather. so   they decided to stay at the hotel. after they had bath and relax in their hotel  room, they are now enjoying the view of severe weather outside.. i think people are born to like nature.. sometimes, yes.  it's really fun to do camping with your friends and watch stars at night because you cannot enjoy it in the city. also if you have children,  you can see your children enjoying themselves in the nature.and that gives you a great joy.so i think while the kids are small, i often went there.  it's totally different because  seeing stars in the countryside gives you a very, very romantic feeling with lots of stars  as if you have memory of ancient times.. like greek people should have seen it and thought about things. and now you feel you are unitedto the human race.yeah. we often went there. .  as i told you, stars. and also   fishing.. i usually don't like fishing but on the occasion of camping, it's very fun. yeah..yeah. forty minutes. my  waiting for me.and he likes cakes.so i think i buy a nice cake at .. yeah.only for my . cooking but   i like making cakes.not yet. but there must be  nice ones at ..