my name is .nice to meet you.i'm fine, thank you. and you?no. i like summer. . i work part-time job.  i work at bar in . and from five o'clock to ten o'clock i work. i carry drinks and foods and  i hear order. yes..  i meet many people.and i talk with part-job's friends.i will go to snowboarding  this winter.. at first i can't snowboard, but  second days i can   snowboard.    this year   on march   i passed exam at  .  with my friends  i went to niigata to snowboard.   i enjoyed  with friends at hotel.i live in .yes.i have a sister  eighteen years old.she is high school student. . .  i was late to come back home.  she sleeps everyday.she is taller than i.she is big.   we are called  we are like. yes.o k.  she have a dog and cat.   she likes to use computer  and  her hobby is  listen to music and  she lives alone. she lives apart from her family.  on sunday   she studying homework  by computer.  and she likes cat. ?. i live with my family. i am not sad with my family, and  i get up early,  and i can eat breakfast  with my family and  clothes washing my mother  works.o k.yes.excuse me.  i want snowboard wear. i like   green.  green color do you have?     i want  shorter  than this..o k. thank you. . may i try it on?. .  i want to try red color.that's pretty.  i decided it.. and i want glove, too.  which is the best? and but     i have few money.it's on sale. how about?half price.    i will buy snowboard wear and this.fifteen?fifteen thousand dollar?yen.  o k.i'll pay.thank you..yes.  i bought snowboarding wear yesterday .. o k. .   we went to ochanomizu. .  we go to there at five o'clock.and we  have chosen at eight o'clock.  about for three hours we are puzzled  because of many snowboarding wear. and i decided to buy  yellow-green color tops and charcoal gray bottoms, and we bought goggle and gloves.  and    different shops  maybe.  the shop i bought   that is reasonable than i bought the shop i bought.but i like  the  snowboard wear  so i bought the shop.yes.o k.  a boy and a girl  promised to meet  zoo.  the boy likes her and take her  the zoo.  they look many animals but she likes lion, so he explains lion's life. and  she want to eat ice cream and so he bought ice cream for her.and they look  monkey   so monkey also eat.  the monkey like banana. and the zoo was closed  time so    they are apart. .yes. my friends  went to  zoo with her boyfriend and she was happy.  i heard.? i haven't  gone to zoo with my  boyfriend, so i want to go. .  after this test  i eat lunch with my friends and i have lesson..