.my name is .yes.nice to meet you, too.i'm fine, thank you. how about you?. now, i live in   city in  prefecture. it takes  almost thirty minutes from  station by train.yes. dormitory., but  i have my own room. however,  the  kitchen and the bathroom are not prepared  inside my room.yeah, very good. because whenever i get into trouble, i have always  colleague to   consult with.. only for  one and half year..   because i just graduated from university  one and half years ago.this is my first job.now, i'm mainly involved in the uranium trading business. .uranium. it's a fuel  loaded into the  nuclear station. but  i have enough experience in this  industry, therefore   i mainly   involved in the  back office work.  accountingor  just  making a letter in english  something like that.so i don't have   many opportunity to talk with the native english speaker. and so i'm also so in charge of the marketingin the asian area.  so i have a chance to talk with asian people in english, but  their english is    terrible.no, i haven't. but  i've been to england twice and germany and taiwan twice and  china.yes, on .taiwan is the best.  no, it's  located  next to the china. no? so it takes almost  three hours  narita airport..because food.taiwan food is very, very  delicious. it's my taste...my parents now live in   city in  prefecture.. now, my father   works for the  some company  as well as me. and now, he  is  sixty-five years old, so i guess he will retire from his job in a few years. and he would like to spend   rest of his lifeplaying golf.. yes.  do you think he is a typical japanese? my mother is a typical  japanese woman,    house wife. so  i don't have many things to tell about her.yes, i have one sister and  one brother. so my sister   has already married. and my brother is still  high school student. now, he study hard   no, how  can i say,  because     he can choose the  department from the university.  do you understand what i mean?  he can enter the university.   this is decided.however, he has to choose  which  subject  he specializes in.yeah...... thank you.o k.  first  the couple  are sitting  on the chair. and i guess he will start tasting a glass of  red wine, and  now the servant   is working for his response,  like  he likes it or doesn't like it. . and    this restaurant is very    calm atmosphere. and so the woman now is playing the piano for make this atmosphere comfortable. . . that's all.. after i  receive the salary.  no, no.     i'm just kidding. so  when i  have a very calm time with  my girlfriend..  i will choose this kind of restaurant. . japanese restaurant or asian restaurant like  vietnam food.vietnam food. it's also my taste. but  the atmosphere of such kind of restaurant is not    as good as this kind of restaurant. yeah.  very noisyand  cheaper dish and cheaper glass.sure. .. good.. thank you..  very, very tough situation.yes, i'm ready.yes.  i bought this tape of recorder  at your shop., it doesn't work.  so i would like to exchange this for the new one.today, two hours ago. so i have a receipt here.... ...so how would you   prove that  the  every cashier tests the machine works well?so the cashier isn't you when i bought it.  can you   call her? i don't know her name exactly. . .no.  really? ... so i think you are not responsibility for  this . so i would like to directly    no, person who is  in charge of this department... time can i expect him    come back to this shop?o k. so i'll come here in one hour.so    so can you leave a message to him?o k.so i would like to exchange     this  tape recorder is out of order for the new one which works well. ?.... .. so . not .o k?.. .i don't think so....... no,  but  as you know, the machine  sometimes work, sometimes doesn't work.  it'll up to the this machine.therefore, i would like to exchange for the  the    every time works one, o k? works, o k?.i'm afraid i don't have it. so  i don't have any insurance.. but  anyway,  i need a opportunity  to discuss with manager ??.yes, i 'll come back here  an hour.you're welcome. thank you .. ..no, i haven't. because   machine  produced in japan works wellat any time..  sometimes   when i  buy the clothes,  sometimes it's too  small.so in that case, i   go to the shop again ask the  sales clerkto exchange for the  medium size to large size  large size to extra large size or something like that..yeah, sure..thank you very much... no, i haven't. o k. so i  go to station around eight o'clock as usual. and insert the  pass in the ticket machine and into the station. and on the platform,  the man who absorbed in the talking  with  the man  who stands next to him pushed me. and as a result of that, i dropped my precious luggage on the rail. so i complain of him  and ordered to take it back to .  at that time, suddenly the train is  running and  also   no seems to run over my luggage. however, my luggage  is  between  rails. therefore,   it is not damaged seriously, so i feel very relieved to see that. and after that,  kind station staff  picked it up and handed to me...sure.... yes.  the  during rush hour, station staff have to push people to get in the train. yeah....  i don't have much interest in such kind of , because if you think it's rude, you don't do such a thing. so   in case of me, i don't do such a thing. then, that's all.. yes. it doesn't matter much to me. is their problem. my matter... yes, sure. but if you have  sometime, i would like to speak with you more, because   frankly speaking, i don't want go back to the office . a lot of paper work left on my desk now. . .. .you're welcome.