good afternoon.my name is . ... .i live in ..it's quite similar to tokyo, but maybe not so much people. and  there's like , like there's more environment than tokyo.i've only been once..there's   sea and it's like a big park.and a lot of families and couples go there. and  during the night, the illumination and stuff is really  ..and my sister. and also with my grandma and grandpa.my ? about   ? my grandpa was a very strict person when he was a father.so he was strict to my mother. but now, he's a really nice person.and   behind our house, we have  a little farm.and he likes to grow crops there. and my grandma helps him. when i was little,  i used to, not help but play .. yeah.because he's gone older. .he was strict? about manner. he was very strict to the manner. like the way you hold your  chopsticks.the way you eat. and that kind of stuff..not really anymore, but when i just came back from japan, the way i hold my chopsticks was really wrong.so he fixed that.and he tells me to behave myself on trains.and that kind of things. i think that it's a good thing that someone tells me., probably not very good during the .. but i just take it as, " he's in a different generation.". or people who thinks different ways.and i accept his opinions.at this school, i join the dance club..  we dance about three or four times a weekincluding a saturday.and  we have two performances. one during our festival,our  festival. and one we just had in february.and  we make up our dance that we dance,we think about the program from the beginning like this opening and the finale.  and we  get divided into groups, little groups, big groups. and we make our dances among that. and dance.mostly the second years.i'm in the second year right now. . he had to do everything. we had to  the practice menu. like  this time and this time, we would do this. we had to think about that which is like what would be a good way to practice.and yeah. since i've joined the dance club,  i've felt a lot of  responsibility than before. and that's a good thing that i learned from dance club.  also to concentrate when you're practicing. when you don't have a  enough time, you have to concentrate during the certain amount of times. so you have to concentrate and to cooperate with other people.yeah. ..  this is a picture of a class. and a teacher is trying to teach mathematics, i think. but only like one student is listening to the teacher and studying. other students are playing with their mobiles, sleeping, talking, drinking. and doesn't have much respect to the teacher. and yes. it looks like a pretty free school.they don't have uniforms. i think it's pretty similar. it depends on which classes, but a lot of classes are quite, not many people talk, but people sleep. they do other things like write  letters, they play with their mobiles. . it's pretty similar..i think uniform is  important  thing to the school because it     what's it called,    makes me feel that i have to study. it makes me feel a part of this school like representative.  it   makes my will to study  bigger. and   i feel like i'm student to this school so it probably helps me with my studying. from the picture, it doesn't look like it has any rules.. i don't take mathematics anymore, but when i was in the first grade,   math is like, you get little sheetsand the teacher tells you to solve that. and   we solve it  our pace.yeah. so when we don't understand, we call the teachers.and we solve it as we talk with our friends. so it was  maybe quite  ..  even during the class is noisy and playing with their mobiles,   it doesn't seem that she's gonna  tell them offer or anything.so maybe she should tell them to behave themselves. and maybe  teach math more fun.interesting. .. because just  listening and watching doesn't make you learn. you have to do it yourself....hello. thank you for inviting me to your dinner party. but   i'm really sorry that i can't turn up to it because i have other plans. and those plans were out of my will and it was . .. i'm so sorry, but the date,  it can't be changed because people are coming from overseasjust that day.that's the only day we can do the meeting.i'm very sorry.i'm not quite sure, but maybe for the  . maybe if i finish early,i might turn up to the party. please tell them that i'm very sorry that i couldn't turn up today.because i had work.and i like to be  included in other plansthat have dinner parties in the future..between my friends,  if i said i could  go out with them a day,when i couldn't,  they say, " then shout me  brunch next time," or"shout me something.". so  the next time we go out, i shout them lunch or maybe stick a .i try not to  suddenly not be able to go. but sometimes  it can't be helped.so i apologizeto them. not by mail, but like by phoning or by saying that  face to face. yeah, they understand. the reasons,   they'll understand.one day last week,it happened before..o k. one day last week, i was heading to the station to go to work. and when i was lining at the platform, waiting for the train, the man next to me bumped to my elbow. and i dropped my luggage  on to the railway tracks. i told the man that it dropped, but he seemed not help very much, and didn't seem to apologize. then the train came and ran over my luggage. but  luggage was  safe because it was in the middle of the railway tracks. then i called the  station person and he took my luggage off the railway tracks and gave it to me., i haven't.i haven't seen luggage fall.  on the train, it takes about forty minutesjust on the train.. i don't do much. i usually just think of things.and before tests, i like study. that's about it. i don't really do much.. when i go on the train at night,there's many drunken men.   disturbed.not very good.yes, i'd like to behave on ..  it finishes at five so ..i'm gonna go and get some ingredients because it's valentine's day, .yeah. so i'll make it today and give it everyone tomorrow.not everyone, but some of my friends .yeah, and female friends.. yes.yeah. very much..