my name is .yes, yes.fine, thank you.no.because i have to spend a whole day  for this  training course.so i'm not busy today.    i'm in charge of a toxicology research of drug candidate. so  in detail,   i have a veterinary license and i  worked in safety research laboratory, and that laboratory  tests toxicity of drugs in animal models.yeah. i think that job is suitable for me.. i beg pardon?  i can't catch your  question exactly.. . how can i say?    i wish to get a job  with  animals. . that's all. i live in ,   . do you know ?.    locates between  and .along with the  line..  is a small town but   has many good bar and shop and dishes, so  i love .no. i was born in  ,  and then grow in  prefecture... it's very difficult question.  i love all of the cities i lived, but  i don't remember exactly  city because  when i  lived in , i was so young.but  prefecture is very warm and   has good people and has good fish dishes.yeah.yeah.  .  a girl  sitting in the chair of her private room. and  personal computer and typewriter are on the desk. . one dog and one cat also locate in her room.  it seem nine o'clock. .  that's all.yes.yes. i always use it in the midnight after work. i always check e-mail and sometimes i enjoy internet surfing. i wished to have my own e-mail address   for my private use. . formally   i used to use my computer in the office  for my private, internet mail.so i noticed it is not good.yes.. yeah.yeah.. this is  speaking. not so good. in these days,  i've been in sick in bed. so i couldn't  go to your party. i wished to go to your party, but  illness   did not allow me.  i hope  you invite me the next party. i  really hope so. i wish to go, but    please tell  party attendant of my   words, thank you very much for my party, but  i can't attend.   i very, very wish to attend your party.  i will attend next year's party and   i strongly say i will surprise the next party. thank you.thank you very much.thank you, bye-bye. in my actual life?. no.   . what can i say?   i have not attend to  a big party. but  in case a small party,  for example in   house of friends and a few attendants  i have attend  that kind of party.. make my story?along with these pictures?.  one day  last week,  i go to station    in the morning. on that day, unfortunately my bag  fell down    from my hands   by  hit of other person.   i told him  what can you do for me, but   he said  he did not have    anything for me. .    during talk  with us,  a train  rushed on my bag. i was very  surprised  and worried about my bag. but fortunately, i found my bag  laid on the rail safely. and i told  station officer to pick it up for me.  some people applause. that's all.  . most of the time in tokyo,   people in the  system is   very large number. so      i'm worrying  i must be  .i hope i wish to seat in the train and bus. and  what can i say, yeah.   i don't have a plan tonight, but i guess i will go to bar to drink. yeah.yeah.bye-bye.