my name is .yes. so-so.not very fine. stomachache today. maybe i haven't slept a lot. yeah.  maybe studying a lot.. actually, i had a report to give today.so  i was doing that..yes.? in this case, the one i gave in,today was an easy one. it was like a page of summary or .so i did it. i originate in english  by hand and then i typed it. and hand it in. i like playing football  soccer.and i go to those  training center  next to . do you know the new building? there's a training center. there monday, wednesday and friday,in the morning and  the rest of the day,  i play football with my soccer club members. i go out on saturday and sunday . actually, i've been playing it from about when i was a little kid. around five or six.and i've been doing that  for about twelve years.until the end of   high school.so  you know,  it's part of my life. it's kicking sports, they need all types of, you know, muscles for  every .and of course,  you need to balance the whole body.so you have to train the  part   as .maybe it is. because for example, you know nakata?. he is very clever.  in italy, he studies a lot after practices.so maybe that's true.i live in . do you know ?yeah.  west part.i come from ,up to nakano.and from there,  i change to tozai line to .it's a quite mess. i mean it's really crowded because the chuo line,.you know, someone done .yeah.. actually, i don't have any other way to come to school. i just have to wait. you know?yes..haven't done that.yes.describe this picture?o k. it seems to be  a classroom in  america or somewhere.and the teacher is teaching the students mathematics, i suppose. and it seems to me that  there's only one guy in front of this teacher is listening. and the other guys are talking, chewing gums, drinking and doing their own business. you know? and it seems to be a school without uniforms.because they are wearing, yeah, their own clothes.and   it's a bit sad situation for the teacher, i suppose. to  that there's only one guy who is , listening. she looks as if she is doing it hardly.in my high school?my high school?   actually, it depended on the teacher.strict teacher, i listen carefully. but most of the  class i did listen carefully,  i suppose.yes. sometimes i was tired because of football.i was doing my club everyday except for thursday.so maybe i might have been gone to another world. .yes. . . it must be a very hard thing to do. but  i think she must use not full time teaching the thing she have to. but she must use the part of time to  you know,  about  talk about the same common thing.and  communicate them. know each other better, i suppose.. much i don't care of about.  i used to go to high school  which you can wear uniform and both your own clothes.so you could choose.but i don't mind. i don't think  big problem about uniform.role-play?yes.o k.yeah.. i'm afraid i missed my train. i would like to change  the ticket i reserved to the next one.. but the reason why i came late here was    the train that i get on before got late. so  i think it's part of the      company's problem, i suppose.i don't know. but it stopped and it didn't move as usual.  so i came here late for my  train. i . i was confused. so i forgot to get that. the one i missed.  one i missed to way to  tokyo. .pardon?yes.   yes, i .o k.thank you . yes. it is my first experience..yes, i do.yes, i have.recently, i got the license of the car.so i go out around tokyo or shizuoka, kamakura. the car traffic is a little of the problem. but  you can listen to your own music.and chat with your friend next to you. and you know, its seats and the things  very comfortable in my car. so it's really good.make up .short one?is it possible to make up his name or something?o k. o k. one day last week, around eleven-forty, i went to the station as usual   it's eight o'clock?and, station as usual.  as it was a crowded station,  i lost my concentration and   i was walking on the platform. and suddenly, i got hit by a man who was talking with big reactions. and he hit my arm. so i accidentally dropped my bag to the rail where the train passes. so what do i have to do? because    in this time, trains go very often. so if you  get off the platform, it'll be very dangerous. and recently, there was news that there was an accident  that. so we talked and talked. but the train came. and i got in a panic. because there was a very important  things inside. after the train passed, i was relieved that bag wasn't damaged because it was, fortunately, between rail and rail.   i don't know  he is, the person has something to do with station. and he got off the platform and got the bag for me.yes. first of all, i'll apologize,for it. maybe if i were him, i might have gone down to get it, looking at whether the train's coming or not. because, yeah, in this case, it was o k. but if the bag got damaged,you know,  it's very big problem,about, you know, money and stuff.so i might have gone down to get it.yes.i do. that case was  completely different from this case. and  i'm very sorry for the man who  down to get it. and   it's very sorry, sad story.. i have my fifth class. yes. french.i have french class. so i go there.and i have my part-time job afterwards.  type of restaurant or something.no.  i'm belong to service.yes, i do.yes. very much.