.  my name is .. . sure. fine.   yes, anyway, fine. .. yes. very humid   and in  it was rain.yes. in . and one hours ago or one hours half agoso it was  very hard rain in the evening.yes.in .yes...  city, near  station. it takes about ten minutes  from  station. do you know  station? no? the   express train stop at the  station.so   sometime, i walk to the  station   for using  express  train.. today, i took the trainfrom  station..no. so  it's difficult to explain my job.so  i work     at my apartment.it called  soho.soho. office home office. in japanese.so   my office is in london.so i can't go to the london everyday. yes. so anyway  i'm working at my apartment..yes. so     my job is    supportingfor customers. so the customers who is using  our company's databases.so  to use our databases     needs  special software.the customer    need to knowhow to use the software for accessing databases. and  sometime i am teacher for the customer, sometime   if the customer has a problemi have to support ..yes. difficult to explain.  yes. so   i have  many hobbies.o k.  i like fishing.bass fishing. bass fishing?so  i'm sorry, i can't go to the bass fishing recently.because my boyfriend can't go bass fishing with me..yes. he is study hard recently. but  from last yearwe used to go to the bass fishing.yes. especially, we lovehachirogata .it's so far from .but we used to go to the hachirogata by a car. ten hours   city...o k.     maybe she likes  sending a e-mail to friend.so she is using computer as usual. so  she has  two pets.one is dog, the other is a cat.and   i don't know why  old typewriter although she has a  . o k. maybe  the season is winter. she's wearing  sweater.   the cat and dog is sleeping.   especially dog, and the he or she, maybe he  is tired.because  he  took a walkwith herin the every morning.and yes. o k?..picture?  ?that room in the picture??. ?  . yes.      her room is not messy. my room is a little messy. because  i don't like to clean my room. so she has a  big stereo.i don't have a stereo, because  i don't like  music.    yes so  of course, i don't have a typewriter. yes.  most of  different is she has pet. i don't  i can't have a pet. because i live in a apartment..yes.o k?...  .o k..  ?this is  speaking. .fine. i'm sorry, i couldn't join a party.  how about party?   did you enjoy  in your party?.many friends joined the party?i'm . really?   i wanted to go by all means. but  suddenlyone of my customer    had a big problem. so i have to  resolvethe problem as soon as possible.so i went to the customer   before,  i was going tojoin your party.so after   i visited to the customer but the problem  was  big problem.so it took a long time to resolve it. so      while i was in the customer's office, i was able to phone you. i am  very sorry..?yeah. i know.    if you have a     please invite menext time.  i want to go party.o k. so see you soon.thank you. ..?real life? recently?before? yes. ..    o k,  i have a big news, a happy news.and  i receive a e-mail from head office last week.suddenly.so     that was for  salary review, i'm sorry, salary review.so my salary   i am  very happy that my salary    increasing  a little.so i was very happy.. and   i had workedhard  last year.so the head office permitted my efforti think.yes. it is big news......last week.monday last week.. o k.. so    he is his father  went to a restaurant.they found a nice restaurant. so   at once,  they enter that restaurant.  the boy  was standing at front of the entrance. so the   father now requested the table. then, o k, so  the waitress  was    coming them and  she asked  what kind of food   would you like.     o k, the son ordered  alcohol and the   of the beers. and  he ordered a    roasted fish. the father  likes   fried chickens, and  he ordered fried chicken and   a glass of lemon juice. they enjoy the meeting and chatting because    they have not seen for a long time. the son is living in tokyo.   living in the . and of course,  the father pay the account.  ate  many dishes.  maybe   after this dish,  they ordered   many dishes. because     he thought the father  pay money. he expected.  but   as soon as  going out of the restaurant,    they say .. yes.  as i said  he is a student.but     we are sharing  all expenses  for food, for   all expenses.  and  at the beginning of the month,   he gives me thirty thousand yen  for living.so    i spend the money for   our living.the   food,  water, light and  electrics,     and  totally,  sixty thousand yen    i spend that money well. ..o k.  i'm working at my apartment. after this testi have two work.maybe  to midnight.yes. i have a lot of job.yes. i translated the documentfrom english to japanesetonight..thank you very much.