.  .nice to meet you, too.. good. nothing special.. i'm working,in ..   i work in finance department in stock dealing company.and   yeah, actually a center  of the office is in new york, located just nearby the place where the tragedy happened last week.. actually  many people got confused  because  part of our system is down. . because  it goes through new york.    and actually   there's been much  more time to kill this week than usual week, since then..because   yeah,  actually we need to contact with them to get  information. so we  can't access to. ., , yes. . the places  except new york are opened .because  we have to   relieve our customers that   we are kind of safe because we have their assets. . so we have to show we're opened as usual...  my hobby.i used to go skiing often when i was a student.but i don't have  much time  lately.so maybe  go for a drink sometimes. .. she's trying to explain about something on the screen of computer. . maybe somebody's  coming in out of this room. and there is a cat and dog lying on  bed and floor. .     she looks like working  or studying... yes. i have a computer, but it's a note type. but i don't have that big .and  i don't have any dog or cats.and i don't have that big desk.. not that much at home, but always office.. i work as an accountant. so    i have to make , and put them into computer. so i have to use it all time..yeah.. i don't think so. but there're lots of applications. and   i don't know how much the application have  the   functions maybe which i don't know .there are that kind of functions.so it is difficult. yes.. yes. i'd like to go to new york by train as soon as possible.and how can i get the ticket?. how much is it?o k..  i'll take express one. and is there any green seat for me? the green seat  could have more space than the   normal seats.o k.. o k.i'll have it.. so which train is the second fastest one?o k. that's fine.. yes, please.  when  am i going to be in new york?o k.. yes, i do. to canada.. good. i   from my university one year.and i lived with  host family.so they are very kind. they took me to  any places for  sightseeings.and they cooked many different meal.. difficulties. i don't see. but    in the end of stay in canada,  i mean, i got bored.because  that   tokyo is very exciting city. more exciting than any other cities in the world i think.. so i was very young at that time.  so i got nothing to do but  watching movies or sometimes playing billiard, .so   i  difficulties..   yes. very much. . like five dollars or something..it's  my husband's birthday this coming saturday. so  i went to buy gift for him. and i   department store.    i wanted to buy a tie for him, but i wasn't pretty sure  what kind of tie  would  best  for him. so i asked the staff in the department which tie is good for him. and i bought one.  and  on the way home, there was  sale for shoes. and  clothes. so  i really didn't need them, but i thought i should bought some because it's cheap. and then finally i got out of department, and went home.. .  .    o k, some cups made in japan would be nice. . once i   get that kind of stuff to foreigners,  they were really pleased to it.yeah. and   i gave   toy,  japanese toy to my host family when i went to canada.  actually they  lots of  from me.so  yes. some cups made in japan in kyoto or nara is .. i'm going home directly. and there is   t v drama from ten o'clock, and i watch it every week. so i want to watch that.