good afternoon..  my name  is .it's my first name. .yes. i'm great. thank you.?. actually, in fact, i like winter  summer.i think so.yes.winter time,   i don't really do anything particularly,  i just like the cold climates, i guess. i was born in .   since i was a kid,  i've been doing skiing,  not snowboarding, but  i used to seeing a lot of  snow in the winter time, and i  it. so, yeah.my job.  currently i work for the company called . just a part of  . and what i do is   i work at the teaching department.  i do the training for teachers,  especially for japanese teachers, not much for native teachers.  and i also do the hiring.  i do hire japanese teachers.  so those two are the main parts of my job. and also i take care of the managers, and i give them or do training for the managers  to understand  the  products of the . and also  i provide not only the training, but  like interview sessions with the managers.  and sometime i give little bit of  mini lessons of english .yeah.    i mean  difficulties.not really the difficulties, but i sometimes feel that like the gap between  like the native teachers' thinking and also   like thinking in that matter.  though our native teachers sort of have the understanding for the japanese cultures and also what's going on in a japanese company, , but they have difficulties with working in a japanese company  and accepting japanese,right, traditional way of doing the business. so sometime of course i get in like arguments with the native .     i try to have meeting  frequently  and consistently.  maybe like once a week or once in every three days. but sometime it's very difficult to have like meeting   once a week, even.  because  half of my week, i usually  go out and do my job,  the office.and so as native teachers. but to   talk about the problems, talk about  their thought or our thought   over the table, it's a very important thing. so that's what i'm trying to do .sure.thank you.describe? it's one sunny day.   looks like a sunday morning.  just in a residential area.  looks peaceful.  and   man is   jogging  on the street.  the little girl is   doing jumping rope, i guess.  and a man is reading a paper  on the bench. and two kids are playing.  and there are three dogs and one cat on the taxi, i believe.   to describe ? it looks like   ideal family or ideal life that i would like to have in my future.i'd like to have something like this  when i get older.. yes.   i've been to america.yes.      this scene is pretty similar to  not where i grew up, but  the suburban area of the   where i grew up.  the place like this is  not really  the place where closer to the city  rather than around the suburban area. and also from my perspective,  people who can live around the neighborhood like this is usually the  upper-middle class people.  so   it really looks like the one neighborhood that i've seen in america, .yeah..sure.o k..o k.o k.o k.i think so.. yes, ma'am.  i have just bought this sweater about  couple of hours ago.  because i liked it, and  i chose myself, and i bought it.   so i took it home, and  i looked at  again, and  i'm sorry, but i just didn't like this color all the sudden.  actually i had  not exactly the same, but similar sweater  which i forgot about. so   if i can  return this product and if i can have refund, that'll be great. .. ? it's a hundred percent? ?.right. but   of course i haven't worn yet, and i have original receipt.  if you can  consider of getting this back . or if i can  talk to the manager if you have store.  i tried it on  .. .right. but i totally forgot about the sweater that i bought   which is very similar color with similar style.yeah. so yeah, i'd rather return this product and  i'd like to get something else.yeah. that'd be wonderful, but  if you can consider that..., totally i understand, yeah. so  is there any chance that i can talk to your manager of this store?. do you know when she's coming back, oris there any way that i can make an appointment, please?in two hours?  i don't know whether i can do this or not, but may i just come back in two hours and maybehave a second try?thank you very much for your help.thank you. buying things.  when i first went to america, i had a problem understanding the different sizes.like instead of showing in centimeters, they showed in some kind of not in inches, i believe, like for the jeans, they say like  thirty something instead of saying eighty something in your waist.so  yeah,  i thought it was a problem. but after a while, i get used to it  all right. but  to be honest,  i've never returned anything.   this is actually the first time. ..  feeling.  .   i'm not a type of person   uses a lot of time to do shopping. i go into the store, and look at it, and then if i like it instantly, i'll buy it. so the feeling is very important.yeah..that is too much hassle for me.i wear it. ..sure..o k. one day last week,    we planned to go camping.  and we've been thinking about going camping for a long time, but  never happened, but one day last week, it happened.   and  my friend and i    pack up the stuff, and put everything in the car. and we    went camping    near our neighborhood where  river  runs through.    when we got there, first   we set the tent. and also  we started cooking  i mean, lunch.  but    suddenly and unfortunately, it start raining.  so we  packed up everything  to the car again, and we're trying to go home.    we're on our way to go home.      because wind was blowing so hard,      whether you believe it or not,  we lost everything.     and fortunately,  we found a hotel  near the river where   we're supposed to do the camping. and    we decided to just stay over night there.  and we did. . ..what do i think of them?what do i think of them.    i envy them. because  i don't have time doing that      even though  i really like doing it.  i love fishing in particular. but  i don't have time to go fishing. so yeah, i pretty much envy .yeah.o k.  i probably have to work till  yeah, . yeah.   since  i  have to work tomorrow, i'll just go home and relax and  be ready for tomorrow.yeah. you?.  that's too bad.thank you .thank you .