my name is .o k.fine, thank you. and you?yes. i live in . it takes  thirty minutes.i use  linefrom    to ..  . .i like to paint. . it use special color made of  rock and stone, or soil.. and mixed these color  roll plate. i like  those colors. different from water color, or oil-painting color. natural color.. now i am drawing  scenary.  sea,  sky and sun.. position is very simple, but i use a  different a lot of colors..yes. today, after this test, i will go to aoyama. i met my son and have lunch together..  next month,  he will go to united states,boston.he will study  at high school.and  now he is  waiting  to go  to states.. yes..maybe see  this is her room. and see her  desk    there is computer and typewriter and paper, mouse.   and  she is sitting. and maybe she explain   her computer for her cats. . cats is     sleeping  on her bed.  is big dog is sitting  on the floor. and back side, there are  audio set.  under the audio set, there is  small shelf. un.  there is many books and telephone..  that's very simple. there is two  beds.  and   books    and    draw.? i don't know how to  say english.   ? . . that's all... almost same.but  her room is bigger than my  son's room.   he doesn't like dog.  . .yes.yes.  i'd like to go to new york. . i'd like to buy the ticket to new york. but i have enough time, so i'd like to go   to new york as soon as possible. .   please  tell me how to  go to new york..  please explain  each trains.. i prefer express train. ? what time does it start?thirteen minutes. how much is the ticket?  how long does it take to new york?  that is o k.  i'll take that ticket.. thank you.thank you very much. .thank you very much.thank you.bye-bye.yes..  last month i went to boston.i  saw  the school for  him and my son. maybe normal type  school.  same as japanese school.there is  lot of american studentsand   maybe ten percent  from  foreign countries' students..he wants to  go  abroad. . so decide  but i talked  with my husband for long time and argued . sometimes fight  fight  but we  choose... one day last week,   a woman   went to the kitchen. and checked her refrigerator. but refrigerator was empty. there were nothing  in.  so  lady was going to go to the supermarket by car.   in the supermarket, she selected some kind of food   and   after that she   calculated       her food. after that  she   brought her  bags  in and to her car. .    put it her bag  to her car.    after she arrived at her house  she started to  make  her family's fo  dinner.. .  at first, i go to a supermarketand see the cheeper one. and then i decide the menu.. maybe  after  lunch, i will go to  the supermarket,and then i take after check the supermarket's  sales itemsi will decide.. marusho.there is   station near my house.i  go to marusho store..    two or three times some week  i  get advertisement from marusho.so today's cheaper menu with meat is cheaper. and next day, fish is cheaper, that advertisement says.... yes., near roppongi street   the restaurant name is . of nineteen ninty-nine is french restaurant, maybe.. first time, i go to that restaurant.. maybe. i think so..