 .nice to meet you, too. pretty good, thank you. you? yeah. . that's right. in the wintertime.  i wish to ski.but you know, it's expensive and takes a lot of time to get there and so i don't get to really go therethat much. but i would love to do thatif i could..  to tell you the truth, i've never been to that kind of place in japan.. .  in .. yeah.  yeah. takes about two hours to go. .yeah.that's for beginners, ,maybe     it's not ski.     it's a easy course...skiing.o k.    i like the wind that you feel on your face.yeah. and  the thrilling part like   where there is  bumps and  i like the thrill... ..? it's a beautiful city.   i would say that  it's not so much of multi-cultural society compared to other cities in the states.    this is my opinion, but it's rather a conservative communitycompared to like, los angeles . but     i've spend my  graduate school in  in that kind of  university community,  there's lot of  international students. but basically in the city, i think, yeah,  sort of like     i don't know whether this word is  right, but  a white society,yeah, rather.. i actually got a jobfew days agoin this  place called , right.and  company,    it has been more than what i've expected. great office, great people, and   it's been fantastic,  it's been splendid.   i'm having a great time here. .but i have to learn a lot. sure.o k. i see a couple, probably married.   they're about to have their dinner but it's not ready.   o k. the waiter is sort of introducing this new  wineto the husband. and husband is,    curious but wanna give it a try. so  he has his own drink, which is his usual but i assume he's gonna probably try the new one in a minute. piano.yeah..not really.no.  no.  because   i don't have a lot of time to do that.  go home and  .stressed out and i go to bed early these days.. .yeah....   o k,  i like good food. . i'm not a gourmet but  i like good food.    one of my friend really  knows great places.so i would always ask him. also  i would  go through the internet and  yeah, usually internet is a great sourceto  choose a good restaurant. other than that,  i would just go for walk and see a new place and, try... restaurant. .  yeah. there's one near my house. it's italian. but  there is  not many people there usually.i don't see the reason why.but that's one of the good part for me. but    you know,   what do you say,      maybe the things that i like, other people don't like it very much.   i like sort of    different stuff..yeah.. please...o k.yes, please.    i have a ticket right here  but   i didn't make it on time. so     can i return this and get the money back or otherwise change it to another ticket   like for later today?.. ..      . o k. .  i fell the stairsin this station. you know how this morning     people were cleaning the station, right?and  the stairs were all wet.so i fell. and i had to go to the hospital.so i didn't make it. so   no,   i would think that, you know,  i think it's reasonable for you to  make a refund for this because it happened within the station, right?.right.. o k.    i actually  talked with the person who was cleaning the place.so  i know where he is right now.so i would  go there and get him  make him prove that i fell there. and if that is the case, can i get the refund?.thank you..thank you.yes. .     i like to go to this one place, right,  it's called . if you happen to know. .takes about an hourto get there .and  there's a aquarium there.and  yeah,    i like fish. o k.  it was about an year ago.  got on the train and the view from the train, because  it goes by the  , right? so it's beautiful. and you can see birds and  boats and it's a great  scene. and then  i got there and  there's a park before the aquarium, so you would go through the park.  it's peaceful morning. and spring time and      actually  got some lunch. and sit on the bench and have a good brunch.and then  i got into the aquarium.and  as usual, there's this   i don't know whether i can explain this  exactly, but  round room, right?and  it's all full of fish. so  you stand at the middle of the roomand all around you, there's fishswimming. you feel like  you're in the water.....o k. .o k.  ?o k. my friend and i  decided to go for camping for the weekend. so  we started to  pack stuff   at seven in the morning. and it was a fine day.  and it was expected to  continue to be fine for the next two days. so   we were very happy and we were preparing. and we got to the  camping spot and  we started to build  our tent and  we even started to cook. . o k. but suddenly, after couple of hours,  it started to rain.   we didn't expect this to happen.so  we were very surprised. and we thought of staying here but       it started to rain and it  became unendurable.   and the wind started to come strong and   it was not at all like a time to camp. so  we decided to go home.  so we  quickly packed. but i think  some of our stuffs,  clothes were  blown by the wind. we  quickly got onto our car and  start driving   but, you know, because we  decided to spend  time together  this weekend,       we found a hotel  while we are on our way home.so  we decided to  stay at the hotel for the day and for the next day.and  that hotel happened to be a very nice hotel. and  we went into our room. we took a nice shower and then  we sat down and started to have a couple of coffee. and my friend opened up the curtains and we were surprised that   it wasn't raining any more and the view was wonderful.and we laughed  but we had a great time at the hotel. so after all it was a great weekend although  there was a lot of happenings..yes.  i don't know. it's up to    my  colleagues.. otherwise i'll .yeah..  . yeah,     i like the way  it's served. so delicate, yeah,  i like the way theyput things together... thank you .