good monrning. my name is .fine. i'm just kinda sleepy.and you?because   maybe because of the weather. i like winter because i was born in winter. actually, yesterday was my birthday.thank you. i don't like the cold weather, so i stay at home and stay in .  should i explain what  is? it's a table  that has a  heater in it. and   you put a kind of   over it. and you go inside and get warm, and eat orange, tangerine  and watch tv. .yes.i was born in  prefecture.. i only stayed there for about two months. after that  i had to move to   prefecture, which is  my mother's  hometown? hometown. yes.    prefecture was my father's hometown and there was kind of  mother and mother-in-law stuff going on, so we had to move.yes. after that  i moved to  because of my father's job, then i moved to   and that was when i was four years old. there for six years. and i came back to japan when i was ten. and first i stayed in .  it was  city. and then i had to move because of my father's job. i had to move to  . yes and then to . and then now i am in  prefecture again. i have a brother, and my brother always  claimed and cried about moving again and again.  but for me, i like moving because     i can make many friends. and i think that's more advantage. and for my brother, he had  trouble making friends over and over, and i think that's disadvantage.yes. secret  maybe not , but    i was in the age of  that has ability to write letters. so, i had  a lot of ways to keep in touch with my friends, but my brother was so little. he didn't have to write letters. so,   so he didn't have any ways to get in touch with his friends.  like   like children in the first grade in elementary school doesn't   doesn't call his friend far distance. so, that way my brother couldn't get in touch with his friends until he got older.it's my first time. can i start?o k,   in this room, suppose there is  a woman called mieko.  and you enter the door, first you see  bed  with the green sheet on the left side of the room. and on the right side of the room, there is a book shelf. and on the book shelf, there is a stereo. and on the wall  you could see a calendar. when you go into the room,  then first you may see a desk. and on the desk, there is a typewriter, computer and some white  sheet of paper. and mieko has  two pets, a cat and a dog. and she likes to keep the room really tight and neaty, clean. neaty and tight  neat, tight and clean.yes. my own room.o k.  in this picture, i only see one window, but in my room i have two windows. one in the western side of the wall, and one is in the  southern side of the wall. and  i don't have any computers  at home, so i envy this person. . and i also don't,  i also don't have any pets at home because i'm allergic to cats or dogs. i love them but i'm allergic.  and i also don't have  any stereos in my room. no calendar,  no garbage.   my room  is kinda all garbage.yes. i wish my room was this clean.  but  i think i have more books than her, comparing to her.  not o k.  o k. i'm ready. good morning sir.  i missed the train and i need to  have another ticket i guess . can i  change to another ticket?. so what should i do?i've already spent a kind of money on this ticket. and  there anything i can do? really. you see.  i was coming down to the stairs to the station and i think  i bumped into a person and i think that was you. and if you didn't bump into me, i would have been on the train right now. i remember you bumped into me.yes.yes. i think you were after a dog?i know   i could have got out of the house more early. i know that. but  i think you are one reason and i really want a ticket for the next train.o k.yes? thank you.   thank you.o k. i'll have to rush.thank you. i actually, i don't have any chance to travel these years. . but if i travel,  i would like to go on trains or bus. don't like airplanes so much.phobia? it could be.  as soon as i get on an airplane, i get really sleepy. i never see the views out of the windows so.yes. .   not because  i heard from a person at  my driving school.  he told me that when you get really scared or feared, you get sleepy. so maybe     i am feared of the plane unconsciously. o k. may i start? one day last week, when i was walking down the street to my university. i saw a car coming from the left. and from the right, there came a motor cycle. and as i watched, they crashed. and   they both got off the car and the motor cycle. and as i was watching the situation,   the person who was on the motor cycle, was more angry than the person who was on the car. so, the people just like me watching the crashed and arguing called the police and the police came. and the three of them, the man who was on a car and the one who was on a motor cycle and the police  talked for about ten, twenty minutes. and then it was settled. the settlement was that  the person who was driving the car  wasn't    looking at motor cycle  in time. so he missed the motor cycle coming. so  the person   who was on the motor cycle  had was  the person  who  was riding the motor cycle  settled this  accident     or the policeman said that  the person who was on the car should take  responsibility. so  i think the motor cycle is going to be repaired by the insurance from the person who was on the car. or for that day,  the motor cycle was broken down so the person who was driving the motor cycle had to walk to his work place for that day.yes.. actually, i've already got my license.    you have to study  to know the  laws to drive along the street. and that's one thing. and the other is you have to actually ride a car and practice the  practice the techniques. yes,  they have the both sides. like  one is like  taking classes at school, and the other is actually driving  inside the school and outside the school. yes. and i think i took  three test driving car and two tests  on a working sheet test. yes. . it took me about six months to get my license. but normally,  my friends almost all have had their license  in two months.yes. can be quick. yes.. how long?  if it passes in one year  while you're going to a driving school, then you have to take  the classes all over in japan.so, you must take your license in twelve months.only mieko's class.yes, but  maybe shopping before going home. christmas  present for my family.yes, you too.thank you.