my name is .nice to meet you.i'm kind of .  i slept late and then woke up earlyat about six. then i had school, met my friends, and i was waiting for this interview.  yes, recently.   usually i have one or two classes.and then i go to work at  part-time job  to an italian restaurant that i started working at .i'm a waitress .and yeah. i take orders and carry the dishes,wash the dishes. since i just started the job,i think i started working there three weeks ago,i'm not used to it yet.and there is some of the things i have to learn.    and between our staffs,  we kind of have this italian words that we have to remember to talk with  like "please wipe the table, carry the dishes.". so i have to remember the italian words and the menus.  i have to remember the menu and the italian word that comes with it.so  there's a lot of like really  i have to do after  come home.  i like to go out with my friends to drink. and  go shopping.  yeah.. .  i just go anywhere that's close to where i am. and somewhere cheap. yeah.  usually somewhere that i can stay for a long time and talk..  . i have a couple of best friends. and  my best friend i have in ,  university,and  she's so really highly motivated. and like    since the first year we met in university, we've been hanging out. and we have like  a lot of common goals,yeah,  like to go abroad and study to become a teacher.yes..yeah.  o k.   there's a lot of people skiing and playing snow fight.   a man has fallen down and he's struggling against the . and there's a cabin. i think it's a restaurant. and     there's a couple of kids that's taking a ski lesson. and there's a instructor and two girls trying to learn skiing.yes, i love sports.so  i play basketball, handball,    i go  to batting center.. i've been practicing golf recently. .?.  . . and my dad plays golf so  when he goes playing, i  sometimes go with him. so he's teaching me now, and i'm not good enough to teach you .  i don't know.  i guess  i'm just trying to hit the ball for .  like the  really first was like  small.i was maybe in kindergarten  something. i  really remember.  we go with my family. so  i was in the u s when i first went. so  and   just  my mom would hand me a club and i    just trying to hit it. but   i don't think i can call it a golf. .o k..o k. excuse me.i have reserved the seat  for the train that just left. and  i want to pay it back. is it possible?     i got lost,  and i didn't know which train to get on. and when i noticed, that was gone.  yeah. so i just came back here. please,     i just want to get on the next train, please.  can't you do something about it?.  .   can i talk to the manager, please?and when he'll be ? .  o k. . .o k. so i'll leave my phone number.please call me when you get in touch...i wasn't sure what i was trying to get to. far?. to sendai like a couple of months ago. but i think that was the first time that i bought a shinkansen ticket forlike by myself alone.  i had a break and i wanted to go somewhere really bad.   like and i called up my friend. and she's working now but she said she can take one day off.and  we went on friday and saturday.   and my friend lives in sendai.so i wanted to spend a night there so it would be cheap.     and that was like three days before we were planning to go. so  i just went to buy the shinkansen ticket.   reserved a seat.  yeah.and went to sendai for the first time.yeah...o k. can i start?o k.  one day last week,  mamiko was walking down the street with her boyfriend. and they were heading to her boyfriend's place. and suddenly her boyfriend stop, and he said he hears something. and they looked around, then in the corner, they found a box. and inside, there was a cat.  mamiko  looked inside, and picked up the cat. she likes cats. and she begged her boyfriend if she can take it home. yeah, they are living . and  but  her boyfriend said no, they can't afford a cat. but mamiko begged and begged, and she   after a couple of minutes, the boyfriend gave in. and he said, "o k, let's take the cat home.". so yeah, they decided to go home with the cat. that's it. o k., today, i'm off. so going home. no. no,  ..  from tomorrow, i have drink .and everyday.yeah. .o k. thank you.. thank you.