yes. my name is .sure.i'm fine. how about you?i live in city. . since when i entered this company. so, about   .yeah.. neighborhood? my neighborhood?. yes. some changes. but   also, my  apartment  changed, so my neighborhood was changed. and,   the first year  i lived  in   city but in  different places. the places where i lived at first had  some changes. the  video rental shop was closed,    but   the supermarket also closed. and   it's time to be  another video shop, yeah.  it's a company matter.   it was   kind of   company dormitory. but  company had to  cut off the,    how can i say,  living cost, so   the dormitory was closed. and   we have to move to  the another apartment where we live by ourselves., now, we are living ourselves. maybe, one person for one apartment.. yes.    .   i think,  now,  it's case by case. .  when we are living together, i'm not good at  getting off in the morning.  so friend  knock the door when  they    go to work. now, i have to  wake up by myself.   it's a  great change. yes.. now?. my parents live in   in  prefecture, and   also my friends.  our main office in . . so i have some  friends in  main office. so i usually go to  or  prefecture  to meet my friends, and  sometimes we play footsal,  kind of soccer,   or to see the movie...yes.o k. .  yes. this is a winter time. . .. louder? .i know my voices is a little bit low. o k. . this is the winter mountain. but   weather is beautiful. so it's  let us to say, the  late winter.  but snow condition is very good. and  some   snowboarders and skiers are playing  on the surfaces of mountain. and  some little girl are having a lessons of skiing.  and   children are playing the  snow throwing.  and    young couple is taking a rest in a  snow cottage.   yes.  should i make the story??yes,i like skiing. and,    once  in year,  we have one group for   playing skiing  in the winter time. .  so  we usually go to niigata prefecture to play ski. .      no, every year, i attend this  ski tour. and, last year,    how can i,   i was the leader of the tour   to make the  tour to be held  some other money things or  accommodations.yes. but   the tour was held on weekend. . .     how can i say, how can i say? . . i want to say that  the tour was on weekend, saturday and sunday. but,  for security,  i went to the niigata on friday.  but, on  saturday,  you know, the kan-etsu  highway road was  terribly crowded, and  some parties were  not able to get to    niigata on time, yes. that was very trouble.so  i had to wait them.yes.yes.yes. .  i want to make a    oversea trip. .  ? so,  let's say, i want to   play diving.yes.. especially,  i'm a beginner. . which one do you recommend?why is it? why is ?.good instructors?. . how about  the   trip cost?.hundred thousand yen?o k. . not so expensive. but,   how long   does it take to get to the malaysia from japan?seven hours by plane? . how about guam?.    it's better to  go guam.yes.o k. thank .yes. .  my father,   now,  he is retired, but  he used to work for airline company, not a pilot. but,  yes,   once for four year, he moves and moves,   oversea japan. so  i have experience in  living abroad. . from two years to six years old, i was in thailand. and,   when i was a middle high school,  i stayed in japan. but  my father and mother went to seattle. so,  every summer and winter vacation, i  went to visit  them in seatle.  yeah, also they lived in london.yes...?"one day last week"? o k.yes. one day last week, my mother went for shopping to buy necktie  for  my father's  birthday present. and  she asked for the   one piece of necktie  for the attendant  and     no,   she  wanted to wrap up. and  she paid for about three thousand yen for it. but,  on the way to the home,  in the department store,  she found,    how can i say, shoe sale? .   one place for shoe sale, another place for  clothes sale. and,  every places, she  made a shopping. and,   finally, she  made a big shopping in the department store.. recently? no. . no, yes, yes, yes. i have made  one present. .   i don't know the words for it, but  he  entered  this company in the same year, but he moved to another company. and  some his friends and i  made a present for him,    expensive pen. plans for tomorrow?no.   i have to come to  here.  for a short time.but,  on sunday, i have no plan on sunday.just relax.thank you very much.