good morning. my name is . nice to meet you.yeah, yeah, yeah. . i like spring, and i'm happy that spring is coming soon. yeah.i live in   ward. do you know    on the j r,    i mean,  line. i live  near  station, so    my  closest station is . . it's  not famous station. it's  third stops from  the station, ..yes. i live with my husband. and  we have no children. instead of the child, we have a dog. . my husband is so-called salary man. he get up early in the morning and    leave the home  early  around six o'clock and  comes home late at night. i think he is a typical japanese salaried man. and  his company deals with  educational materials for children. . yeah. . the materials  includes  mathematics materials, english materials,  and  those materials are very  helpful  for children to develop their  skills in mathematics and english.   . they also have  educational materials of japanese. yeah. .  of course, it's   for japanese  children..yes. . his company  has a      vision that  children  who are studying their materials can  enter the university   and can pass the   entrance examination of the university  with no difficulty. . so their program is mainly  for reading and writing. . yeah.  . so  children are usually  work       writing.   . by writing english, by reading english, they gradually develop their english skill ability.yes. . i have  many reasons. but,   let me explain some of the reasons. first, i like  languages,  because  languages are kind of tool to have good relationship between peoples. so i like japanese as well as english. and i also learn,    i mean, sign language  for   the deaf people.   so    i like language is the first reason. and   second reason is,    when i   visited   friend's home in hawaii,  i had the difficulty  speaking english. that was the first motive for me to study english hard. .yeah.o k.  . there are woman sitting at the  desk with computer on. and   she worked  in front of the computer for about an hour, but she felt a little tired, so she  decided to take a short break. and  there  are also a dog and a cat in the room. and   she loves  those animals, and she's thinking and to talk  to them and to get relaxed to feeling. yeah. and  cat is sleeping on the bed, maybe, the bed is  the  woman's. and  dog is sleeping on the floor. . and the  door was kept open, and, maybe,  she feels a little  or too hot  or hot, i don't know. but  door kept open. . and also,    over there, in front of the wall,  there is stereo set  on the  book shelf  which has  many books. . and   there is also a telephone in the book shelf. and  the clock in the room shows    nine o'clock.o k.. o k.  .  this dog is very similar to my dog. . it's like my dog because my dog is  labrador retriever and very big. . it has the weight of  about thirty kilos. and   hair is  light brown and   lot beard, and   has   tail with   not  hairy.  .  so    dog is very     similar to mine. . o k.o k.hello, this is . i'm calling to you to tell you a bad news. . i'm so sorry i can't come to your party because   i'm injured. .      i was bitten my dog  around my  right thumb. and i have to  go to see a doctor.i'm really wanted to go to your party. but i can't. . i'm so sorry.i know. that's why i'm really sorry. and,  if possible, give me a raincheck. i really want to have next time  a party.. too bad. i don't want to miss that opportunity. . i hate my dog. but i can't come to your party.she is fine. . she's fine.   but i have a painful   thumb. yeah. .   no, no, we are talking over the phone, you cannot look at my finger, but  i've got  serious injured.yeah. . my doctor said  my  thumb will get  better soon. so i'm  a little relieved. . but,   anyway, i feel pain.thank you. .. unfortunately, no.because of my husband.  .    as i mention,       i mean,  he is a typical  japanese workaholic salaried man. i mean,  he works very hard. . he has no time  to have fun. and,  sometimes, he has to work   saturdays and sundays. so   he needs my help. i have to  help him  get relaxed,  get  enough nutrition. . so,    someday in the future, we really like to have party with my husband, but,   for now,  we cannot afford in terms of time.o k.  . let me think.o k. . i'll start. one day last week,  a man and a boy  decided to have lunch. and they went to  famous restaurant. when they enters the restaurant,  the waiter  ask them  which table they like to sit. and,  after they sitting at the table, they ordered  what they  want to have. and then,  they enjoyed the very delicious food. and   the man eat  delicious looking meat. and   the boy   in the first picture, i told  he is a boy, but  he is now drinking beer. so, maybe, he is not a boy. . he is a  young man. and  fifth picture,  the man    paid the bill. . the man wanted to treat the young man. the young man was very happy  because    he was full. and, in the  sixth picture,  they said good-bye, and the young boy said thank you for the  good meal. . that's all.yes.. best restaurant? . o k. . the best restaurant i  visited is  italian restaurant. . it's  in my  neighborhood, and       my husband's old friend runs the restaurant. and  the friend used to learn how to cook italian   in  very  famous italian restaurant in akasaka.  he said he had  hard time learning  about italian food. but he said, thanks to the hard working, he could have  his own italian restaurant. and, sure enoughly, he serves the delicious italian food. and he use a very fresh ingredients. and    he also  make very good pizzas. and my husband and i really love his dish.. really?  . since i can't use my right hand as you see,     i probably eat sandwich. thank you. and, thank you for this opportunity to talk to you, and nice talking to you.thank you.