my name is .nice to meet you.fine.  tired. i just got out of a class in arabic, and it was kind of difficult so i'm a little sleepy.  arabic. arabic. yes. a week.why? at first, i thought  the letters were really interesting and i wanted to read the letters. i started this year.i'm an english major here..?  as you can see, the campus is really small because it's in the middle of , but it's really interesting to see all the people who are in the   machinery department  chemistry and everything is inside one campus. so it's really   small in campus size, but big in what we do right now here,i think.. yeah. i have a part-time job at a  prep school.and i teach   one-on-one. so i have a lot of chances to teach  english is what i teach. lot of  thinking and   i think it's really a good job. i have a student right now who is  third year at her   senior high school in her high school year. and at first, she didn't really like englishwhen she came  to the  or prep school. and but recently she has told me that  she has gotten interested in using english maybe she would like to   continue  learning english when she goes on to college. so  her grades are really getting better,and  i don't know,  i don't know how she will do in january, but i think she'll do a good job.  i like watching movies, but i think i enjoy  playing  here.  i belong to the  club. so right now,  we are on winter vacation,but in the spring, it gets really warm, and from the  that we practice at, you can see the cherry blossoms really well. pretty in spring time. enjoy it a lot.  we do stretches.  and then we practice shooting at the   target.and    i just started practicing in my first year in university.so it was really hard at first to get it into the target. ..yes. a man and a woman are in a restaurant. and the waiter has come to their table, bringing wine. and the man has just tasted the wine and i think  it looks like he likes the wine. so he'll take it.and  there are three couples eating in the restaurant.and a woman is playing the piano..  last time i had a special dinner was on my birthdaywhich was a week ago.. thank you.  and normally i get home really late after my part-time job. so my family doesn't really get together to eat dinner. but at that time, my brother and my sister and my mother and father were all present soit was really fun. and  we went to a spaghetti restaurant which i really like. i like spaghetti my father took us there. and we had a big . and  we usually don't eat out so it was really special for me to with my family.    it was on a weekend so it was easy to get together.but on the weekdays, i usually have school and get home late, and my brother and sisters get home early, but they eat dinner before me. so  it's only on weekends that we usually get together.o k. ready.yes. i'd like to return this sweater i bought a couple of hours ago.and  it looks like it doesn't fit me. would like to return it if it's possible.  when i tried it on, i thought  it would look o k.  when i went home and tried it on again, it  kind of tight... if there is any other sweaters i could try on right now that i could exchange, could you show me  the other one?is that possible?.  it doesn't really fit me and if i have it at home then it would be no use. . i understand it's a sale item butstill.   i understand you're busy, but   you know, i'm a customer, and do you know  many other people who could talk to me right now??  could you get your colleague or possibly your manager is better..o k.o k. yes.  one time, i bought a pair of shoes. and i usually don't wear really high heels, but that time  i found a pair of really cute shoes. soi wanted to get those. and   when i was at the store and tried them on, they were really comfortable.but when i went home and tried them on again, they were kind of tight. so i went to the store and  they said they would exchange it if i  hadn't it worn them outside. so i got them exchanged.yeah. because i had the .o k.o k. i'm ready.one day last week, bob was on his way to work. when he arrived at the station, there were so many people on the platform that he had to go to the edge of the platform  to wait for the train. as he was waiting for the train,  he bumped into a man, and his bag fell into the railroad tracks. bob got angry and asked the man why he had bumped into him and told him to get his bag  out from the tracks. but before he could reach the bag, a train came and ran over his bag.  fortunately, his bag was o k.      and the man was also  apologizing him. so   he went to the station master to ask him if he could get the bag out of the tracks. and before another train could come, the station master went down to the tracks and got the bag for him. and bob was able to go to work.no, i'm going straight back . i live in  in  prefecture..yeah...thank you very much.bye.