yes. my name is .nice to meet you, too.. yes.yeah. and  it's cold. and  yeah, maybe  today's evening,  it starts  raining or snowing.. yes, so this weekend, it will be very, very bad weather.yes, maybe snowing  according to the weather forecast.. no.  just reading the magazines or watching t v. yeah. snow.  it's  very nice memory when i was in switzerland, yes, i enjoyed skiing in a very local ski  ground, yeah,   with people     yeah, in swiss.yes. at that time,    i was learning english in england and  the term was finished so   i visited my friends in switzerland.so then, yeah, they invited me. yes.over there, in swiss?  so, yeah, so     i love skiing and i had experience skiing many times in japan,  but    the winter i went switzerland,  there was not so  much snow, so   the condition of   ski ground was not good enough  and  i was not so skillful bad condition?  it means  not so   enough snow on the ground. so  somewhere the ground of the mountain were showing.yes.work now?    i work   as a sales assistant at the moment, but now i gradually  starting  the work  to become salesperson,   much  or  more likely salesman. yeah. it's quite interesting for me.yes.   because  i could experience  what i've never experienced before. . so the many things i have to learn.  i can gain many, many information or new things from  work. .that's interesting...   it's very  sunny day, and  on the road,  two women were talking and one women and     has a dog. yes,  maybe she was  during   short walk or something, and a girl  is playing with rope.. and  other side   two boys were playing with ball, and  a man is   jogging. . . it seems very calm day. yes, a man is reading newspapers outside of the house  sitting on a bench. . yes. sun is smiling.  . it seems  very flat   as far as i see this picture. .  my hometown,  you mean the countryside.yes,      my hometown,  my house is located in the very local place, and  there are many rice fields   views around my house. .  and the road nearby my house   are very busy.  many cars and trucks were crossing by, so  but  compared   yes, to my   local  home, yes,  this area  seems very  quiet,  calm and   flat.i prefer to  this. . why?  yes  i prefer the quiet place and also  here  seems to very safe for children to play. .neighborhood?.  yes. the area seems  flat.yes.     simlar  but  most of  houses  were built    two floors.so  on flat floor. so, two floors  do you understand?yes. .and they have  surrounding  surrounding the house   i don't remember so correct     and  my friend's house     there was a church near   my friend house,  and the church seemed to be very nice for me because  not so many churches, yeah, are in japanyeah. .. yes..i see.yes.hello, this is .. hi, how are you?what are you doing now?. . how about going a movie  with me today?yeah. sorry. yes.  about that. so then, what about  next saturday? are you free? free?  o k. so let's go to see the movie.  what ?  i'd like to see  the movie of   "". do you know?  it's about  some battle in the local place  in the very old days in japan. so  are you interested in? and the ticket is free.yes.yeah. good, good.no, not at all. .so maybe      it was made   based on the history.yes..yeah. so  there are  four times  the movies would be on, so  what time  will you be convenient to see?in the afternoon?o k, then,  how about  meeting at ginza station of marunouchi line    at one o'clock.o k.yes. yeah, there are many, so   to that point.  how about  meeting at the  a police station    ? . .yes, very easy.yes, it's very famous, so you can ask somebody and maybe.yeah.. bye-bye.. yes, but  many times i watch it on t v.video. yes. yes. cheaper. .. .yeah.one day last week. yes. .now? sorry.. one day   last week,   a boy and a girl  were walking  on the street with talking and it was raining. and   while they were talking, a boy   listened  something animal   crying or some sounds of  cats. cats? maybe, yes.  so, and  they stopped and  they found the  box and the girl  found out a  cat inside of the box. so and she asked  if she could take it    to their home. yes, maybe they are  couple,  maybe a young couple. so and  the first, the man  were not  willing to accept, and but finally  he accepted, so     the woman was lucky and hold it in her coat, and then     they put the cat into the box again and  they hold the box and    left the place.. very nice couple, yes. . they seem to be very kind person.in what way?. it's  not   easy to keep cats now  yeah, they have to feed and take care  many things, you see, so, it's very  difficult to decide to keep cats, yeah, at home.yeah.nowadays? because  nowadays,  yeah, there are  many people who has their own houses  but even though  the surrounding was not  so good, because  many cars are  crossing and running, and not so many   safe place to play for cats or dogs or for kids. . ..    don't ask   i can't keep a cat in my house because  now i'm living   in apartment house and two l d k.   so it's very narrow and i can't  leave   the door open. so it's not   good  surrounding for cats. i have to keep a cat inside all day.   it's pity. tonight?. tonight, i'm meeting friend.yes..  m friend is coming  to my  house.yes.yes, have dinner, and    we will talk about   stock.  just now,   i started learning about stocks, so just exchanging information  something.  i wish. .