o k. my name is .yeah. i'm fine, but i'm very tired.because  i had to write a report,and i  hand it in today. i'm taking the class. the class is for the students who want to go to study abroad, so   write report in english.o k.  i'm third year of and  my major is cross cultural communication. i like studying cultures, and different cultures from japanese cultures.and,  i like traveling as well.    this march, i went to vancouver, canada, i have a host family .and  i stayed there for six weeks,and i did a volunteer work at pre-school. played with kids. , kids plays with me. yeah.it's very safe country,so i could walk at night alone. i think not so different, because  japan is recently americanized,so lots of international things in japan.for example, fast food clothes, something like ..o k.   describe ?o k.     there is a big train station,   and there is a big river here,    and there are also lots of greenhere, and   and lots of stores, for example,supermarket and restaurant and post office,and  there is  a little bit small library, and in front of the library, there is a school,and near the school there is a bank and offices. and  there is a zoo near the station,and near the zoo, there is a park view apartment. .yes,  because there are   lots of shops,and hospital and bank.i think it's very convenient.and also, there are lots of green...  i need shopping center going shopping. shopping. .o k. .yeah.yes.  i'm looking for the stationary,  i need  cool pencil.   i need a mechanical pencil..  cheap one is .and,  what kind of pencils do you have?  please show me... it's cool. ? how  do i say  in english?  battery.   do i have to  put battery the pencil?  how much is it?two thousand yen? it's too expensive. do you have a cheaper one?with lights.one thousand.  this month, i'm really poor. i don't have enough money, so  i take cheaper one, two hundred yen...o k.  do you have another cheaper one?...thank you.yes. like stationery.  i like  sony plaza...    maybe five years ago, i bought a mechanical pencil  with papers,   post-itwith it.inside, yeah.so there is small case top of the pen,and we can take papers.and put. .. o k. one day last week,   i drived  to the supermarket, but  when i was driving  one man riding a bike    came very quickly. . .  .  .   i don't know the english word, ? crash. crashed.but  i think this man is bad, but this man argued because his bike was broken.so,   i thought policeman solve the problem.so i called a police, and then policeman came here,and i describe the situation,and we talked each other, and then   policeman called a      .and,    he took his bike..no,i don't have a driving license...  at first,we have to describe the situation detail, but  i don't know the rules..no.. ..  i often go to  because i live in , near .and,  there are  many store in , for example, stationery shop,     and things which you put in the room,  for example, lamp      i don't know the name,but you put the picture in it,a photo stand, something like that..  because  very close ,and  there are few  there.  in shinjuku, there are too many people, and  i can't move.. .   i haven't decided yet..yeah. yeah. but, i have many reports. maybe five or six reports...thank you very much.