good afternoon.i'm .yes. meet you.i'm doing well. i'm . i've been nervous since this morning.the daily schedule?in school?     today's schedule?   i woke up this morning, and i usually  get out of my house  about eight o'clock.and i arrive at school around seven thirty. and   i take classes for four hours then i have lunch. and i have  three more classes. and then   sorry, after that, i have school activity which is track and field.yeah. i am a manager.yeah. i support   the runners and .yeah. .because  i don't know. because my friend was a manager.and i came to this school  in september.not in april.yeah. so    one of my friends invited me there. the reason. but the other reason is because, i don't know,  i guess i love the jobs of managers.yeah, supporting people.yeah, i love doing that. .yes.. i finished  middle school  in the states.and then yeah, after i finished schools there, i came back here..because of my dad's job..   he is a   computer engineer.and he  projects with the  .so i went there for five years.yeah.yes. at first, i couldn't speak english  but i entered a private schoolthere. that was  my dad's idea. but there were no japanese   so   i learned english   from, i don't know, speaking with my friends.  i wasn't really taught byteachers.the grammarsand stuff. but i learned by listening and speaking. this is probably in high school. the teacher's teaching  mathematic to students, but none of the students  listen to the teacher.    but a boy in blond hair and a girl with brown hair is listening to the teacher.  shall i describe all the other ? back in the states.   back in the states,   most of the students listened to the teachers.not like the people in the picture.because  we were not allowed to drink or  chew gumor talk with other students in the classroom.i think  it's a really good idea.because  if there weren't any strict restrictions,     i feel bad for the teachers. and also it's no good for the students because the school is a place for learning, i think. .but yeah. yes. so. japan?  i think japanese schools are more strict than  in america because we hardly ever hear other students talk in class. it's really quiet all the time. and i think the   japanese teachers point to the students. if we were doing math, they would point to the students   to do the problems. and i don't know,  japanese students  participate more in a class.yeah. i read this?.o k.o k.   can i make up  a story?o k.  i bought this  gloves, but  i didn't really like it.so     can i  refund?  i know about the policy, but i think i will never wear   these gloves. so can i refund, please? at first,   i didn't try  these on, and i bought it. the size   don't fit my hands.and i don't like the colorsof the gloves. so i'm hoping to refund. yes. yes. but  if i can,  i want to refund.. then  i will come back later.yes. .yeah.yes,  times.. it happen all the time in america. because refund is a common thingin american than in japan.so i don't know, like,   i bought jeans. but the length of the jeans didn't fit my legs so i refund it. but it was no problem.and  when i came to japan, i  went to  refund something i forget, but   they didn't let me refund. ..  i don't know. i'm not sure, but i think it's because  if you refund,  most of the time, it's like ripped or it's damaged and some kinds. so   they don't want the damaged stuff back.and i think it's the  consumer's responsibility. but i don't know why americans will let buyers refund.. ..o k.do i begin now?one day last week, my sister and i decided to go camping. and we packed  stuff and  in our car. and i drove the car to  the camping place.      and i made the tent and cooked our dinner. but while we were doing that, it started raining.  and later on, it turned out to be a big storm. and everything was blown away. and we hurried to get into the car and drove to hotel cosmos  while big thunders were  coming down. and then we checked in that  hotel, and   we took a bath and   wore bathrobes. and we were drinking coffee.how? when you turn  sixteen years old,  most of the schools in the states have the classes that   yeah, what  that called?  it was a class that  for you to take driver's license.   in my old school, it costed sixty dollars to take the class.and you take the class for about three months. and you learn how to drive and  you drive streets with your teacher at school. and after three months, you go to   real   testing place, and you have two types of tests  which are,   i don't know what it's called, writingand driving.yeah.  and if you pass both tests, you get driver's license.yeah.no.  i'm seventeen now, but i came back to japan  when i was sixteen years ..o k.yeah, i like it. but i think my  english skills is really decreasing.because when i was there, i could speak more fluently, i think.yeah. i hardly ever speak english. i have english classes here, but it's not enough to keep my english.it's  years.about two years.no, in japanese.yeah.but i'm thinking to go to a  university in america.yeah.o k.