good afternoon..yes. . my name is .yes.. good. . weather is fine and warm.this morning?just as usual. yeah. just  got up in the morning and  made my husband lunchclean the room.yeah.yes.my husband? . my husband is much younger than me.and he works for  american company, and he   english for his job. and,  what else? my husband and i  like to snowboard. so, every weekend, we go to mountainside.every weekend in winter.yeah. what else  my husband? . he is kind of . . .he is funny, and    he is unusual as a japanese man. . he doesn't seem to think that  women should do this do that, and men should do this do that,  other japanese men tend to think... now, i'm  just a housewife. so, can i say housewife? housewife, yes. so, mainly, i do all the stuff, you know, house, and he works. but, later,  probably, i hope i can find a kind of job, and then, we can share housework.. i used to teach at an elementary school, so the only thing i can do is just teaching. so, yeah, i hope that i can get a teaching job  .. my major is actually japanese. .  .maybe, i can teach anything  elementary school level.. because  i wanted to go to the states with my husband. and, in order to get the   yeah, visa,  we had to marry.  and  it's  funny story  so that why i quit my job and got married and went to the states for a while, then came back.yes. on the area. . and,   even before i went to the states, i thought that a japanese media only  gave us a bad news mainly in the united states. so   in my opinion,  ordinary people are not so different from japanese ordinary people. and then, i went to the states, and, there,   it's called up-state new york, so  even it's in  new york states, that's very rural area and small city there. so i went to  elementary school several times, then, i found that the kids in those schools are much much better, behave good than japanese ... . it's a scene on the   ski resort, i think. and i see,  probably, it's not in japan, it's somewhere in europe, and there are  people enjoy skiing.  and there's one snowboarder, because i'm a snowboarder. . and,  this part,  there're several children playing  there, i don't know what it's called, but they're throwing snowballs and fighting each other  just for fun. and then, the  upper left side of this picture,  one couple is  sitting. and, what else?  probably he or she, i don't know, but   teach her how to ski.  there are another couple. probably, there another couple, and she is much better than him. .  atmosphere. .  yeah.  just for ?   . at first, the ski lift  doesn't seem to be very new one, so i think that's in probably europe,   they have still the old  ski lift. so, probably, that's why i think it's in europe. i don't know..advice? ?o k. . the one big difference between  skiing and snowboarding is that,    for a snowboarder,   both legs   must be stick to a board. so it's very dangerous once you lose the balance. so,  be careful about the falling down. so  the first thing you have to learn is that how to fall down.....hello. . this is .yes.. i have to say , sorry about the party, because i can't attend the party.. i'm sorry. i wanted, but a circumstances doesn't allow me to do that. i'm very sorry, but, now, my husband got  very bad flu, and i have to stay at my home with him.. yeah, of course. but  his symptom is  not so light,   actually, he got a high fever  and dehydration. so,  probably,  it's better to take care of him.. we went. and then, just came back right now. .   but, next time, i'd love to attend, so, please forgive me this time.. i love to eat your . i'm very sorry. yeah, but this time, probably, i should stay home.thank you.and enjoy your party.bye.... basically,  i'm not good at cooking, so potluck party is fine to me... i like to meet people, so, when i invite  some of my friends, i tell them it's a potluck party. so they have to bring something to eat, just one stuff. so, basically, when i invite someone, basically i tell  one of them,  " "please  bring something to drink.", and "please bring something to eat or  some dessert." or something like that.other things? eat and chat. i like to talk with other people, so, mainly, yeah, especially in the states, they seem to  have fun to talk with each other.. even though they don't have any  entertainment other than just chatting, it's o k... i seldom turn down  invitation,  so, even if my husband got sick, probably i can go out to the party.   if i can, i have to do that. .  i call them, and, yeah, just to say my situation honestly..., in order? one, two, six.   .  can i have  time?.. o k. so,   no, last friday, kimio is on a way to work and   this morning, he was a little late, so he was in a hurry. and  manabu was on a way to date his girlfriend. and   he was calling his girlfriend to tell her that   he was at a waiting point as usual. and then,  suddenly,  manabu was so  careless and drop his cell phone on a kimio's car. and kimio was very  shocked and stopped his car. and kimio was angry at manabu's dropping     cellphone. but manabu was also angry at kimio's  attitude. and then, they decided to call the police. and kimio explained the policeman about the accident.  and, finally,  using the cellphone  during driving bike is against the law, so manabu was lost his fight, and police get rid of his bike. . yes.my car? my car is honda. . the reason i bought the car honda is that my husband and i like honda.. the reason why we like honda is because honda is a first car company in japan to participate in  the car race   so called f one, formula one car race. and, there, honda won as  not a driver but as a car. so we like honda. . that's why we bought honda. .no, no no no no.   it's odyssey, so it's  kind of one-box car. and, as i said before,  we go snowboarding every weekend, so we need a big car to carry a lot of stuffincluding two boards.. and, for me, car is just a car, just   drive and carry us somewhere else, but, for my husband, or i assume that most of men, car is something like a precious for them, kind of like a accessory, or   i don't know.   so the attitude  toward car is very different from the woman's attitude... probably. . we seldom . .  we love  our car.  probably, we are  too lazy to   take care of our car.thank you.this afternoon? . yes. . i'm going to the school. learning english. .. my school is .thank you very much.