yes. . my name is .yes, sure.just fine. but a little bit tired.. my major is teaching languages. so i'm studying how to teach japanese to foreigners.. because i was living in dormitory, and i was sharing a room with the foreigner students. so sometimes i taught japanese  to them. yeah. so that's why i got interested in the teaching japanese to foreigners. . the moment when i can't explain why we use this particle, and why we don't use that particle because , we use japanese   without thinking about such explanation so. i usually read a book, something like book. like a novel. like a detective thing. yeah. or essays.. a novel written by endou shusaku.. because though his topic is very serious,  he make that serious topic a very, you know,  simple. so yeah, i like his book.yeah. but i'm planning to move out now.. because i'm bit busy. so i can't stay there. but i have to stay there as a member of dormitory. so i decided to move out. . . .. it's a very big city. and it's very near to    or . so there're lots of people from asian countries. so it's like  international city. but i'm living a bit far from the center of . so yeah. i prefer living in .    living in   is so noisy, and yeah.i don't like big city so. i prefer .yes. there'll be no problem if i stay here all the time. but i have to go out sometimes so. and i don't want to be in a crowded place so.i cook myself usually. yes.yes.i have my own kitchens and refrigerator so there is no problem  cooking myself so.you mean moving out of dormitory, or living ?. it's comfortable. i don't have to, you know, think about what i have to do. or  i can do whatever i want to do so.  yeah, it's very comfortable.. this is a picture of a room of a girl. maybe a junior high or high school student. and  she's sitting in front of computer. and there's two animals. one is a cat   on a bed. and the other is a dog which is beside a   bed. . the door is opened. and  there's a big  old type stereo. . there's a clock on a wall. and there's a orange curtain. and i don't know what she is trying to do. but yeah, and she has her own telephone.  and it's june.yeah.you mean  mobile phone?yes, i have.. it's very convenient because i can receive any phone call wherever i am. yeah. so   it's  very convenient. but the probably it's cost very much for me.  and sometimes i have to take a phone call even though i don't want to. so sometimes it interrupt me. so yeah, it have some advantages and some disadvantages. yes, i'm ready.. will you do me a favor for me?  i got a reservation for the train  which is just left.and i want to have my money back. and i want to have a new reservation for the next train..  . but  because  i was tried to be on time. but  my bus got the traffic jam. so i couldn't be on time here. so it's not my fault.but i use a j r bus.so it's your company. . but there's the accident. so it's an  unexpectable thing. .a car accident. so that's why there is a big traffic jam.yes.. maybe it's because it just happened a thirty minutes ago. so maybe the news hasn't been reached to you yet.o k.  but i have to go to nagoya by eleven.and i have to take the next train, but i don't have a extra money for new ticket..?. every time i use a plane, i oversleep. so i have to run around the airport to find the air ticket center. so yeah, i always have a problem when i use a plane. because i can't finish packing.  so i have to stay all night. but i can't stay all night, and i go to bed, and i find myself oversleep so. . fortunately,   i'm always on time. but i have to run around the air port. .. one day last week, me and my friends  were planning to go camping to nagano. and  we did a camp by the river side. but in the afternoon, it stopped raining heavily.  and we have to go inside a car. and while we were planning to go home, we found a hotel. so we stayed there  for a night.yes.. three years ago,   i went mountaineering to   in mountain in matsumoto, yeah, with my friend..   i just   climbed. . . what did i do? because it was my first time mountaineering. so   i bought everything such as tent and shoes and trousers for mountaineering the day before. and i slept in front of  matsumoto station at night with my sleeping bag. and yeah, i took  the first train to the   station near the mountain. and i climbed that mountain..  it's good because  we can stay anywhere  as far as we have a sleeping bag. so that's the good point. but the bad point is that we have to carry the sleeping bag and tent. so it's quite heavy. so it makes us very tired. so that's the bad point i think.. .  any secret,  i don't think so.  just try to . i have to finish my report, writing a report. tomorrow. tomorrow  by two o'clock..  i hope i can. but  i'm afraid not.. at the beginning of next month, on december first.yeah. and  one of my friend will help me to carry my owned stuff to my new place by car. so yeah.yeah.with the  internet.yeah.yeah. yeah. thank you .