.?. my name is  . please call me , because it's much more .yes.yeah, fine.  this morning,  i wake up around six o'clock and i watched t v and i watched the market  report  because i'm working for the foreign exchange market.  and this morning,   the market was a little bit small   i mean  slow and  it didn't move  dramatically. but i think  yeah, the weekend, will be   will be   not that  i think, in this moment.yes. it's my routine. yes, so yeah,   i stayed at the office until  eleven-thirty   because i have to watch the consumer confidence,  the  economical index and  the u s economical index. so  and  the forecast was  strong but you know, actually, it was not strong as the predict but it was still strong. so i think the movement will be  i think   return to, i think, dollar  in this couple   few days,  i think..yes. .yes.   i slept more than five hours, so yes, i can sleep..   last weekend,  first,  i had  big breakfast.  i usually don't have.   i cooked by myself and  i prefer like american breakfast, so i bought some orange and have a toast and cereals and so    it was like a   big   as for a breakfast. and after that, i  play golf at a driving range.  i think  i think more than  fifty, i think. and after that,  i went to  ride my  mountain bike around my house. and i think  it's my usual day, i play golf and  i go to, you know, cycling.  when i practice golf,  i have to practice more because  my golf is not so good as  the good players, so i have to improve my skills, so. and  i think i have to take a lesson. and  you know, my ball, because most of the time go to right and left or everywhere. nothing go straight. so  i want to hit my ball as  go straight and so far.  but usually, my ball doesn't go and i have to ask the ball  wherethey go .yeah. i think i use my internet and find some. when   i was staying washington d c and i went practice golf, at there i can find a   good coach. because   i went there every weekend so  i saw a couple of coach there and   you know, i found someone    that i can feel  comfortable as a coach, so. but in tokyo, i just returned  two weeks ago, so i have to find someone  feel comfortable..o k...  i think she is living with  her family, i think. because it's not  you know,  apartment, they don't have a kitchen. and she likes, i think, pet  a cat. because she has  both cat and dog.  and  she's using a computer and typewriter. and so i think  she's not a student. i think  maybe she's a working in an office or office lady.  and   she has a nice stereo, so i think she likes music to listen . and the most important thing that    her room is arranged very well, because she has a window in front of  her desk. she can have  good light and the bed is in front of the door, so something happened,   run out her room  very easily.yeah. so it's very diplomatic.my room is like compact in like a box. i have almost everything  in my room. and i have mountain bike, and i have a golf club, and i have a t v, and i have a  and i have a desk, and i have  a bed. so i don't have  place, you know,   have a room  to have exercise in my room. so  i'm too fit or too tight .. yes. yeah, i like .. excuse me?yeah.  i buy a watch yesterday. and you recommended the nike watch. but you know,    i was deciding  the other one  nike and addidas watch  but i think nike watch is very nice but  addidas watch has a stopwatch inside, and this watch doesn't have. so i want to change, because the price is same .yes. but i returned and  i thought  i need  the stopwatch. because   i always exercise and  i have to  keep my time .yes. of course, but this design looks very well and you recommended me. but i thought that i need the stopwatch  function .yes.yes. because i thought that  i have to go to  ride my mountain bike and i have to  go to the gym, and i have to  do my exercise, and i always keep my time so.. but i heard  that you do so. because  you exchange everything almost. it was my friend i think, change his   tennis racket. and   he had a brandnew one even though  the price was  different so.really? i think i choose the wrong  shop. i don't think so because i think   you're very kind and you are very gentle.   so you can change the watch because i only, you know, use for a day so nothing changed...o k. thanks a lot.o k. thanks.shop service?  i think they are not  kind as japanese shop. .  because i think japanese  customer service are very  trained and i think they know a lot of  products, what is this and what the size is. and when i go to, you know, golf shop or go to sports shop,  they even don't know what size it is,  because if i bought something in u s size, it's a little bit different because my small is japanese size.  it's bigger than i expects so, even when i ask i'm japanese and  i think i'm small and i think it doesn't fit even the size tells that i'm the same size, but  they always say  "that's the size.".  and "i think you are o k.". but when i try, always  different. so i think  they need more information for foreigners or specially  who doesn't have   enough size  for  what  they want ..... you mean,  i should  tell the story  that happened last week?o k.  last week,  i went to the station as usual on my way   to my office.     i usually take a train around eight o'clock   because   my work starts at nine, and it takes around an hour or so. and when i went to the platform to take a train,  the man  who stand in front of me  hit my elbow, and i dropped  my briefcase. and suddenly, my briefcase     fell down my  elbows and my arms. and it fell down  to the lane.   and   what made me angry   that a man said "what happened because i didn't nothing." but the man hit me,  so that my briefcase  fell down the lane. and   he looks that something happened but  he's not serious. so i was very angry with him.  and after that,  the express train  passed and  i thought my briefcase will be  crashed, but   fortunately,  my briefcase was safe. so   inside my briefcase.    it didn't happen anything. and the train officer  kindly  take up my briefcase and gave it to me. so you know, my documents and files and everything was safe, so i was able to  bring my  briefcase to my office. so that's a good story..today? i think i'll start working again. because  i haven't worked for more than four month. so i have to catch up and i have lots of things to do.. yes.   tonight, i have a meeting.  it's not a business meeting  but i have a dinner with my  company president. so  i think  i want ask  something  to him.   because he is a new president in our company .i want to ask his strategy in our company, and what he's thinking and what is my main idea.what's gonna happen this year, so..o k. thanks a lot..