my name is .yeah. can call me .yeah.good. tired, though.  i study linguistics.yeah,  yeah.favorite ?  maybe  he is very kind to me and kinda younger than other professors.so pretty easier for me to talk with.   mostly linguistics things. but  not really personal things, butjust for study. i live in ,  in . yes. my family.  l have a father and mother and  two older sisters. my father works in  for a security company.and my mother   work as a  part-timer. and my two older sisters also work as a part-timer. andthat's about it. yeah. .    when i was like in a primary school, it was a very good situation because  i knew everything what i was supposed to do like in .but after i got in like high school, there is not so much of advantage. .. i like playing soccerand maybe playing badminton. yeah. when i was in  second grade, everybody started to do either  baseball or soccer. and i chose soccer for play.and my mother was playing badminton for   as  hobby.and  i was just following her and started to play.o k.  it is a room. and a girl is sitting on the desk. and on the desk, there is a computer and  type writer. and in the room,  there are two pets of her maybe. and a dog is lying on the floor and the cat is sleeping  on the bed. and also   what is this,  c d player, maybe.record playeris there. and  the door is opened.  not really, but yeah, .i do.  my room is separated with  the other room by   what is it, the closet things.     it's not really  my own room, but it iskinda separated. this room on the computer is much wider than my own room.and i do not have any c d player's things in my room. and  i don't have any pets.and  my room is much more messythan this one.yeah, kind of yeah.  because   all the sounds and things are, you know, going out and  coming in from the other and to the other room. i want one. o k...hello,    i participated in a tourof your company.and there are many different things from  what it says on the  ads  and what actually it was. .. . i don't know,   what's so different.    what's so .i thought  hotel was much   more  beautiful when i saw the ad. that was not really  as good   what  ad said.  yeah, but    they said, it was a part of the tour so anything about that. and  ask me to complain for the company.  calling.     .   i don't have any time   for going again so can you   pay me  to some extent   to match the expense of what i thought and what actually was?.. can you do  as much as you can do? .all right.o k.thank you.yes. it was like   one year agoto the united statesto see my friends and host family.  that was in march and   my driver's license in  was expired so i needed to     re-date the driver's license. so i went to  to see my host family and to re-issue the license. and i stayed at my host family's house,and went to  national park and things. and then i went to california to see my friends at   san diego. i stayed in my friends' house for  one week to just play with them.. i wanted to see my high school  when i participated in  an exchange program. and i wanted to see my friends  in . and  i had not seen my friends in california for like  two years so i went to see him.that's.o k.can i start?o k. one day last week, we planned to go to  camp. and then we made a camp and started cooking. but it began to rain, and  the rain was too hard. and we just   decided to move   leaving the camp and stuff there.and we found a hotel  near  where we were trying to camp. and we just relaxed at the hotel.  yes. like when i was a junior high school student,i was a member of boy scout.so i did many camping.and when i went to united states for the first time,also my host father liked camping sowe went camping.  usually japanese camping,  there are certain places to camp.but in united states, there is not a certain place, it's just make a camping, sleep there, right? .the latter, maybe,because it's more close to the nature.because  it's a idea of camping, right? the latter one better..no.  for drinking.i go for a drink.shinjuku. not really. we usually go drinking near yotsuya station. ..yeah. for a circle  i'm in.tonight,  maybe eighteen.