good afternoon.. my name is .yeah. . i'm in the tennis club.and  i was first in the soccer club, i quit and i changed to the tennis . i  did enjoy soccer much,and i used to play tennis,but i just decided that i wanted to play againinstead of soccer. . i don't know, the way i hit the ball  a lot of my stress goes away too, it's exciting for me. i think  you should keep your wits.and if you make a mistake once, you  really get upsetand you should just keep on playing your kind of tennis.yeah.the practice? we usually go and then we have to run around the courtsa couple of times.and then we  practice our strokesfirst and we rally a little. and then at the end, we play some games.and  it's usually time to quit we do that.yeah.one of my friends?  about what they do?.  one of them   has glasses on and has  long hair for a boy,up to like the shoulders.and has black glasses on.and   he is really a bright guy, he just brightens up the atmosphere in the tennis club, i think. .  i like to go buy clothes with them go shopping or go watch moviesor go to the game center.i basically like to talkwith my friends soit doesn't really matter where i go. ..   many topic like  what's going on in the .we usually don't talk about stuff like that. but usually  what's going on in school.and  you know, is there anybody that you like something like that. . i live in  .do you know where ?  , ...  it's right near .  it's like a five-minute bike ride from . and  there're just houses there,not many supermarkets.. i have a brother and he's  going to second year in junior highnow.and he said that he wants to come , too.. maybe because i came here, too. and the english level's high. i think you can get all kinds of experiences from other people because there're a lot of people from other countries that come here.and you can talk to them about how their country was  to japan.it is. o k.o k.o k. this is the ski ranch. and there're, two, three,   six people skiing and  one person snowboarding.and one skier fell down, it seems like. and there're four kids  throwing snow balls to each other. and one kid got hit. and two kids are throwing snow balls to each other this second. and  there's a snow man built right above them. and there is a jeep parked next to it. there seems like there's a restaurant or  resting place where people can rest. and there're some man and a woman and they seem like they're drinking something and talking to each other. and there you can see another mountain in the background. .. i've skied a couple of times.i really like it but  i don't have much of an opportunity to do it because  my family doesn't have a car. i'd like to, but i haven't.yeah..in skiing and ?  i think skiing, you move a lot morethan tennis. distance wise..  and i think tennis, you need a lot more strength in the arms.and skiing, you need lot more muscles in your legs.and you need more balance do skiing . i think it was nagano, shinshu. i was invited by friends to come to his house. and   when i went there, it was winter sowe decided that we're just gonna go skiing.in summer? any kind of sport? i like any kind of sport.so  if i have the opportunity to do it, i  try anything.and i like swimming, too...  i like team sports betterbecause when you win,i think i feel  much happier than  just the individualsport because you won all together instead of by yourself. and there're a lot of people to, you know, talk about it. . share the happiness. .o k.. o k.o k...o k. i'm really sorry, but my mother's really sick, i think she got the flu. and i don't think i can go to the party this time.no. my father's out on sabbatical and my brother is at club and i don't think he's gonna come home today.  he said that he was just gonna go over to spend the night at his friend's house. . i don't know his friend's phone number and he doesn't have a cellular phone. so i don't see if i can reach him at all.i'm really sorry, but  i really don't wanna leave my mother alone.  because she looks really sick and i know she needs the company. . i don't really know any of the neighbors and i'm not really familiar with them. and i can't trust them. soi really don't .  i really can't tell you what to tell them, but to apologize for me and to tell them that i'd really like to come  if you have another party. but i really can't make this one. i'm really sorry..o k.yeah. avoiding breaking ?  i try not to  break a promise at all. and    if i have to break a promise, it's really a serious problem..sometimes it's  unavoidable, but i don't think it's good to break a promise because you'll make the other person not trust you as much as they used to. and that breaks their friendship trustworthiness. .when you trust somebody, you need to know the person for sure.you need to spend a lot of time with them, i think. and to trust a person, i think you should know the family, too. only the person, but ..o k.one day last week, a man was driving a car to work.  but   a man coming towards him on a bike was on his cellular phone with his girlfriend. and he was talking with the girlfriend about what time does she meet tonight.  after a while, they bump into each other. and the man dropped his cellular phone and breaks it.  the bike driver got really angry at the car driver and told him that he should pay for his bike and the accident was all his fault. and the car driver got really angry and they decided to call the police.  and when the police came, the bike driver told the policeman that it was all the car driver's fault. but the car driver told the policeman that the bike driver was on his cellular phone and the accident was the bike driver's fault because he wasn't paying attention to the road at all, and  all his attention was going to the phone. the police agreed to the car driver and the bike was towed away.no, i don't have a license. .i use my cell phone .. it's allowed to .  i think you should always pay attention,  paying attention to what's in front of you and around you instead of to your phone.and you should never use it on the train, .there's some people that have the pace maker, and it disrupts their pulse.and it's lethal. and   cellular phones are also   expensive, too.. to call,  andyour parents pay for it most of the time, i think. it's a lot of trouble for them, .  i sometimes go on the internet.but   couple of times i went way over the limit that i was supposed to go.and i just decided that i wasn't gonna use it anymore. now i don't use it that often.yeah..today?not really. i thought i was gonna go to club, but the interview was   .. it's not your fault.so i just decided that i wasn't gonna go to  today. .yeah, but  i'm gonna wait for my friend that's taking the interview, .yeah. he has an interview from like four forty, i think. gonna wait for him and then go home ..thank you, too.