my name is .yes.i'm fine.yeah. very fine. i'm a student. i'm a  freshman.  i major in economics, and i study economics.  and  my school is . and there are a lot of people  when i walk around campus.  i can see many many people.,  so far i'm not interested in economics so much  because i study  the basic of economics. .  it's a little boring to me. i like english and     only yeah, english.because    i like the rhythm of speaking english,  and also the pronunciation that's japanese  doesn't have.  i always  listen to foreign music and usually watch movies in english. and nowadays i don't study  so my vocabulary is getting smaller. i like   united kingdom music.  and   i like almost all kind of music, pops and rock and sometimes  punk.  punk is similar to rock,  but  bass sound is  maybe fasterand more heavy. free time?  i like to listen to music and watch movies,  and i like to read books. .no. with my bigger brother but far from my family.o k.  my brother is  twenty-seven years old. and       his work is to  adjust the  key of the piano. he has good ears..  there    two  main people in the restaurant, and     the one is man, and maybe   the other one  is his girlfriend. and  they were  drinking some wine. . and  it    seems to be the    because     they are in formal style.   . that's all. . not so often. so   i     cook dinner  sometime, but not so good like frozen food or  sometimes  buy at convenience store.    we can easily go to the convenience store, and there are a lot of thing so   . . i like bread so     there many kinds of bread so   i usually go to the convince store and buy some bread. i like  bread with jam,   and also with     milk cream..  i like sweet.o k.o k.hello. . how are you?o k. .  now i have a  tickets for movie,  would you like to go to the movie with me?really? . o k. so   when is convenient for you?this afternoon?after five? o k. and      o k. after five, i will pick you up. is it o k?o k. so after five, let's go to the movie.. o k.  " harry potter with  sorcerer's  stone"?. really? . so o k. so then let's decide to the inside of movie when we are at the movie  theater.yeah...   . when i was  high school student or junior high,  i prefer to see videos because  i don't have . but nowadays  i can get  enough money from work so  i prefer to go to the theater because  screen is big, and  it's easy to get excited with the big screen.  "pearl harbor".it's a really good.     i like  movie about war.i like that  battle scene. and also i like the main character of "pearl harbor". his name is josh hartnett. his face is charm.   i like his face..  one day last week, a woman went to the  store,  and then    she brought the  green tie for her husband as a birthday present.  and      she has it.   yes.   when she wanted to go home, she notice that  there was a discount  for shoes  and also clothes.  and   she brought not only the tie, also many thing shoes  and clothes, and when she got out of the department store, she has a lot of things. i'm going to buy today.. today,  i and my friends will have the party.. it's a problem.    i think      my friends will want to get   so  i don't like  ordinary presents. and  i don't like to buy  very expensive present so i always decide to buy  not so expensive but  an ordinary presents.  near .because  i don't have .yeah. very much.