yes. my name is . here? i came from   campus.. no.  i have no class today, but  i have finished my homework at   room.yeah.i major in  literature.  no.  i don't  decide yet. i want to study  about human literature next year.i live in .  city.yes.yes.  i have  one younger sister. and i live with parents and her..yes. she is third grade in junior high school. and she has to study hard for entrance examination. no. different type from me. i couldn't  choose my own junior high school and high school because  .but  my sister  can choose her own school.. i live in  for  about ten years.yes.  i like my home  because  i live in  in  city. and there are many good nature  here.    i often go to  park.. it is a big park, and   we can enjoy walking and playing some sports.and  i like to walk  every day for  my university.yes. . here is a restaurant or french restaurant, and there are three couples there.  and two waiter  recommend  their restaurant's wine. and  one of them bring  their dishes. .  and i think this restaurant is  a little bit expensive because  there is pianist. and   the restaurant has big space.yes.. what kind of restaurant? yes.  i often go to family restaurant. last week, i went to saizeria family restaurant with my friend. i like drink bar   in that restaurant.i can drink many time for one hundred and eighty yen.... yes. excuse me. i want to buy  schedule book  this year. i like binder type.could you show me that type? i see. i like vivid color, so i want  plastic or  vinyl type. i like red one. can i look this one?thank you.  .   this is a little bit small.do you have the bigger one? thank you.  i like it. how much this one? i see. so,   i want this one..yes. here you are.thank you..yes.yes.  i often used  a binder type, but this year i bought  book type because when i searched my schedule book,  i found very cute  schedule book. that is "winnie the pooh" schedule book. i decided to buy that one.yes.yes.yes. one day last week, my mother noticed  her refrigerator was empty. so she decided to go shopping to supermarket. and she always goes to this supermarket. she bought a lot of food for that day's dinner. and she went to cash corner, and  she brought many things on her own car. and she went to home, and she cooked that day's dinner.  that day's dinner is fried egg and beef stew.  that menus were  her favorite. . that's all.no.i like  cooking, but i am very busy now.  but  if it's possible, i want to cook some cookies or some cakes.yes.  her dishes. i like  curry.yeah. it is very hot, but i think    it is similar to indian curry.because it is soup type. yes.plan?.  so    i planned a little  on the web site.i saw this cards on the web site.card.. yeah..  card.yes.yes.? no. i always don't have dinner with my family.i will eat dinner at home. but maybe i will eat dinner with only my mother.yes, .