hi.i'm .not bad.yeah, i've been pretty busy. because  this is the my first formal organization  join.so  i  get used to   this kind of  environment, i mean. . actually, i've been in australia for about eight years.. yeah.and then,  actually, i  just came back from down there. so i've got to used to with this japanese environment, and then, this kind of formal organization environment..i went to  high school. i mean, yeah, before the high school, i went to ,  high school.and then, after high school, i went to    came back  .actually, i don't  the university in japan.so i can't compare anything. . .cultural difference?cultural difference. ,    i think that  in australia,  everything going slow and relaxed. . you don't have to feel any rush . you can be yourself.    how do i say,  the different kind of pressure  in this country. so,     like,    when you communicate with something  to the     older people. because   i've been in university about the  three, four years.   i was calling  the professors  in their first names. so   you were like,  you know, talking like your friends or something. so, now, i'm in, you know, here japan,  have to  show some  respect to  .because i'm  freshman  and just joined in this organization.i'm in  .. so far, so good. . yeah..   you're gonna play this tape  to the  .o k. all right.i love my job .o k.in english? .. so, looks like  , just a bunch of happy couples having dinner at the  restaurant. then,     it is  one, two, three, four, six customers and two waiters.  two waiters serving the customer. . one lady, i think, playing piano. then,   it's  seven o'clock, maybe, in the afternoon. of course.  dressing up. so, should be afternoon. and  one table already  enjoying dinner since  no one's serving them. . one table,  one waiter's serving, maybe, the wine or some drink.  just  the one table, it might be just   already finished  dinner or   i don't know, maybe, the dishes just arrived, something. . . yeah. but   not place like this. this kind of formal,  we have to dress up. .just,  you know,   there is something called the  food hall.   it's     i mean,  not restaurant. it's kind of the  integrated the  fast food, ..so,   not like this restaurant.?australian culture  based on the british.. so  that's .    i don't .yeah. but  . maybe, you know, the  australia is a multi-cultural . so there's  and lots of races   in that one country. so,  yeah, there's chinese, thai, indonesian, vietnamese,  chinese, japanese,  maybe, french,  italian, everything. everything mixed. so, maybe, that's the australian,. i've  been dinner party. .. . . o k.o k. .. hi. . this is   . .how are you? .   i mean,    you said party already started. ?. really? . really?   i knew that because  my car has just  broke down. so  i think,  you know, i can't join you tonight. so,  would you talk to the people about this. ..   it's   already      ten o'clock, so there is  no much buses. so, like,   i just can't get.  . i'm very sorry.i can do nothing about it.so,   maybe, next time, i'll definitely go.  say sorry to  all the friends, .really? . all right.. .all right.bye.. .no.  like a  formal  kind of party. because,  yes, of course, there's a birthday party or   like. but,   almost, you know, if you don't want to go, you say i don't want to go. .  really?. business people? yes. ..what do i think about?   to be a japanese . i'm just kidding. but,  you know, maybe, you are gonna play this stuff.. now, i'm part of the organization. so   i have to act .""? .  am i in this situation or   just  observing these people here?o k. that looks like two girls. ..o k.shall i start now? start with  ?one day last week, two girls decided to do camping. so they     took the tents,  some cooking stuff and lights, everything. put in the car  and got ready to go to camping. and, now, they  at the bank of the  river,  setting up the tents,  set up .   .  looks like cooking  curry or something. . suddenly, it   start raining. . strong wind blows,  and the wind blows away  the whole stuff. so they quickly jump  into their car and drive to look for the hotel or something. .  at the time they found the hotel, called hotel cosmos withthunder and rain so heavy.  right after the going to their room of the hotel cosmos,      they are having teas, enjoying their views from the  room..did nothing.nothing. no way. 'cause  i'm still in the,  what do i say,  training period. .what do you call it?  .  kind of training period. .  you don't get paid for the overtime working.. .  we get nothing extra pay. . i don't have any money to hang around with ...hope so.pardon?.  back to work.of course.worry about the result.. i never heard they'd test like this before, like in english.so i know if my english is good or bad. ..all right.o k.yes. .