. my name is .yes, please.  i'm fine, thanks. how about you?i live at . do you know ? is    line  and  line. . it's located  about twenty minutes form the  station.yes. there're a lot shop to buy groceries  and  it's not so expensive   by compare with the center of the tokyo.i'm a english teacher.  yes..  i teach  the kids from the two years old  to until about twelve years old,   so  two or three-year-old kids  comes with their mothers. we sing a song and tell the story or  show the puppies or something. .  . in the baby class, two or three kids     all the class is only in english   and the baby class is easy for me because i will  say from me, they just listen and copy me. but in the older students  they want to speak japanese, so  if i ask in english, they answer in japanese. so  if they don't know the meaning of the words, i have to  explain in english  step by step.  so if i explain in japanese, it's very easy  but they don't remember the english words at all if i explain in japanese, so  that's very   just the words "to listen",  if they don't understand the "listen" " what is listen, .". so i take the tambourine and and " can you listen or can you hear it is, can you hear?".  . " o k,  .". . yeah, so. ..    my hobby is jazz dancing so  once or twice a week, i go to the gym and  dance the jazz dance...   have you ever seen   the movie " flash dance"?old movie.or do you know the singer group max or  namie amuro? their dance is jazz dancing.so i dance except  sing,  i just dance.    since when i was a little child, i liked to watch the  movie the kind of "flash dance" or i liked the movie of musical or something. so i wanted to study the dancing.. with my imagination?. .   they are husband and wife.   it is their five years anniversary of their . so they came to the expensive restaurant.  and now the waiter came to  serve the wine and the husband is tasting. is that o k? pardon?.yes.   last november,we celebrated first anniversary of  our marriage, so i went to the hotel and had  a little bit expensive dinner. . like this, so ..yes. yes, he does. .  in the last case, we celebrated at the same hotel where we had our  wedding.  so  the hotel invited us, so that was  free.  but without the stay, so we stayed at the hotel and had the dinner. o k. . yes.  i am sorry i was delayed to ride this train.  would you take my ticket?yeah. .yeah, i know  it's already left but    before i  left my home,   my kids cried and cried  i couldn't leave  my house, so  i left this train. so   can i take the next train?  really? why? ..? . if you pay the extra money, can i ride the next train?new one? really?  .  should i get this?  . if my character, i   situation,    but    so should i think about any  situation?no, they are in the  hospital, so i took them to the hospital, so that was too hard for me to get  this train...... i'm sure  i won't. thank you very much.i'm so appreciate that. .o k.yeah.  i haven't heard about this kind of thing in the abroad, but in a j r,  we can get   before the  train start we can change to the different train, i heard. ...  before the train  has started, we can change the ticket but   in this occasion we can't do this. so i understand,  so i forgot about that ticket. new one.yes....one day last week.one day last week,    i wanted to cook something. but in my refrigerator, there was nothing to eat.  so i went to the supermarket by car.   i drive to the supermarket and i bought   some foods to eat. i bought meat and vegetables and eggs. and   i took them from the supermarket to my home and   i cooked.  and i cooked. is that o k?yes.  every day, i check the refrigerator what is in and  with that food, what can i make and i check the recipe. i have a lot of ,  a cooking book. so and i check the menu,  and i go to buy to the grocery store. . i prefer supermarket.because  i think it's cheaper than the department store,  i think.  i will check if it's fresh or it's clean.  i check  that. ..  i just go home.  maybe  if i can meet with my friend, i'll have lunch with her.no,  i'm free today..thank you very much.