. my name is , . meet you.. i'm just coming back form europe.and i'm a bit tired now.. i arrived  at narita this morning. so  a bit sleepy now... i just went there just for sightseeing, for five days total. .. .  i went to in paris.and  i met with my friends there. and he speaks french. and  it was very nice. because  i went there maybe three month ago by myself but at the time, i just only   spoke in english. but french people were not so kind us this time. so it was so nice to have some communication with them in french. .exciting.. i don't think  they are not nice. but  i don't know. . if we speak in french, they always  speak with some smile.   when i ordered like in english,  they just say,  like "oui" or something and just put some coffee, that's it. . ...  no. because  yes,  when i went there three month ago, i went shopping and i bought many, many things like   two pairs of shoes and one handbag and    those   very, very expensive. but  this time, i decided  not to go shopping before i went there. because   the purpose for visiting paris  this time was to meet with my friendsthere.so i didn't went for shopping like some handbag or something.just went there and spend time with them and   feel paris' atmosphere.. .      i wanna tell you but  this is the company's test. .i'm so sorry about that, . .free time?. i love to play tennis,or  when i have some short holiday,some five days or something,  i love to go diving .but recently, i went many, many  place all over the world,and   i haven't go diving recently.. maybe half a year or something. .but  i love diving. i went many, many place like  mexico, australia, micronesian islands, philippines, malaysia, red sea. many, many place.. it was  so fantastic  to go around many, many place all over the world with diving.  i mean,  when i went for diving    on boat trip,    i could make friends with many people,. .. how can i say,   i can experience the things which i can't   experience in such real world, like  how can i say, have you ever been  to  diving?never? .. . how can i say,    we don't feel gravity under water because we have some, how can i say,  air jacket under water. so the tank itself is really heavy    above the ground. but just jumped into the sea, there is no gravity.    so very strange or so   unnatural feeling. and there is   just blue world. all things is blue.and  there are many, many fishes, corals.  so fantastic. i love  fishes, corals. .yes, please.yes. . this teacher   is teaching mathematics now. and  some of students listening carefully, but some of them   don't listen to her. and these two girls are just chatting. and this boy is looking outside. and   he is listening his music by himself and  drinking some drink. and just two, this one girl and one boy are listening to the teacher. but teacher   doesn't seem to care about all of them.yes. ... i think it's very similar to this.it was very similar to this. because   my  junior high school  had  very  free atmosphere.we can do everything we like.and    teacher   don't keep on  asking us to do this or just to do it or something like that. we can do  everything   we like. and  i was a very good student.so  i always   listen to the class very, very carefully. i never fall asleep during the classroom. but some of my friends just chatting    in the classroom. and  some of them   fell asleep. .i think  it's very similar. .  . because i think one reason is  both of my parents are professor of university,so     my family was so strict to me. and they always said me that  you should study very, very hard.very, very hard. so that is one reason.     and the other reason is,   how can i say,  i think there is some case that if i was a good student, my friends  will become dislike me or my friends will feel i'm a bit different from them, and  they didn't wanna make friends with me. but    in my  school, there is no atmosphere like that. made friends with everyone. .. ..yes.. just a moment, .. .o k.. ?hello. i'm .  i'm really sorry    not to be there. .     i'm just  in my hometown, nara.    we are in tokyo now. and nara is very far from tokyo.and  it's my hometown.and    i had a phone call  from my mother and my father   was in hospital,because of some accidents. so  i had to go back to my hometown at once. so i couldn't call you. so i'm really sorry about   not to go to your party. i was really wanted to go there. but   i couldn't because of   my father's sickness. . ?really? what kind of surprise party was it?? i didn't know that. so    i'm really sorry about that.    please, please, please   let me know if you have  some party later on. so, i wanna really  join you again. .. just please, please keep it for two days or three days. i will definitely call you when i go back to tokyo.  please, please   just keep it.  i will definitely  go to your home as soon as   i go back tokyo.  so   just keep it  for a while, please..just squeeze the gifts and sleep well. thank you very much.thank you very much.yes.bye-bye..yes. yes. . actually, my friend  like to have party.and she always ask me to   join them.so sometimes i went to the parties ..    i'm not used to have party, by myself. or    i don't   have party  in my apartment or something. because my apartment is very, very small to invite my friends. so i don't have any space to have it. or i think japanese people doesn't used to have party compared to  the people outside japan.but  my friend has    many, many friends from abroad, so   how can i say, she is very good at having party.and  the friend of hers  have very, very fantastic apartment   in the center of tokyo.  it is very nice.  i was so surprised when i go there.   do you know shirogane?  i think shirogane is very, very high-class town.and  she has  very big apartment there. and we can see even tokyo tower   from her room.  so nice..yes..yes.o k. one day, he drove his car. and somebody else   was riding on motorbike. and   he was speaking with his girlfriend on the mobile phone, in spite of he is riding motorbike.      then the car hit the mobile phone  of the person who is riding motorbike.   no,   the car hit the motorbike itself. and     he throw away his mobile phone. and he gets angry about the mobile phone and motorbike. and the person who drove a car was listening to him. then the policeman came to them   and the guy who was driving a car explained the situation, what was happening.     and   some person who drive  a truck came here.   and he put on the motorbike on the truck,and went somewhere.. basically,  i don't like that because  it sometimes annoys me    because   to talk on the mobile phone is sometimes rude.      but actually i think sometimes  i also talk on the  mobile phone  even if it is public space. so i also understand the feeling  of the person who's speaking  on the mobile phone at the public space....today, you mean?. i have to go back to my desk. and   now, i'm just waiting for the research results, a month or something. so   this is just the time   i don't have  a lot of things to do..  but  i have to prepare some documents,  i think, by the end of this year, so i have to work on the documents. so i had to look over  some research results so far.and i had to   write some documents. i don't like to write things. . .yes. thank you.thank you very much.