my name is .yes.nice to meet you..  today?.  on monday, i have a class which begins   at nine. so i have to wake up early  on monday. so i'm a little sleepy.about six.yeah. chiba .yes. no,  three times in a week.   sorry, four times in a week.i have to get up at sixin the morning.. but, in fact, i can't.so i'm always sleepy in this year. because    i also have classes which begins late, for example, from six in the evening.  one class is   for an hour and thirty minutes, so, usually  seven thirty, yes. and,   if i didn't have  the class which end seven thirty,  i usually went to library to prepare for the classes. so i have to  stay late. about   this year, i spend a lot of timein studying. .  often we have lunch together, so the lunch time is the  time for communicating with my friends.   for example, today,  my friend was excited because  she could got a mail from the boy   she likes. so she was so excited.so happy. .no, it's not so intrusive. i have a  boyfriend.  usually,   we often go used book stores. and  we often spend our times in book store. and, sometimes we go to see the movie or   just  riding on the train. .yes.yes.it's fun.yes.yes..   the picture seems to be about party. and,  in the center of the picture,  there are  three persons.  woman and she sat the  one is woman, and the other two people are man. and      the couple is about to have a dinner. and one man, he seems to be a sommelier, is   showing a bottle of wine to the couple.  and  the man seems to be already he try the wine  because  the wine must be good.    and  around the table of the couple, there are  two other tables.   in both of the table, couples are having dinner. and the time is  seven o'clock in the evening. and a woman is  playing the piano for the people  who are having dinner.  the atmosphere seems to be  very fun, very  peaceful. all of them are seem to be so happy.yes.sorry? favoriterestaurant?. sorry, favorite? restaurant? yes, i have.. it's a very casual  restaurant. and  i can have  so many kinds of  supper there.  there are, for example,    boiled fish or curry rice, such a very   ordinary foods.  and the restaurant is inexpensive.  it serves a lot of   usual foods. and it tastes well. it's so  inexpensive. and  we can have a cup of coffee for fifty yens if we had dinner there.   the coffee is very inexpensive there. it was on the magazine.so i tried to find it. excuse me. may i ask you? i want to go to new york    as soon as i can. where can i get a ticket to new ?  how much is it? i want to have a ticket for   express.. second  class, please.  it's o k. sorry, i prefer  non-smoking seat.. how about first class? then,   please give me a ticket for first class.thank you.. then,  where can i take this train?fifteen?. . .   how can i get there?thank you for helping me.. thank you very much.thank you.     i didn't have a experience of a travel so much.  but i like.. i prefer train.. because    trains are more comfortable  because    we don't have  so much trouble  to  get on the train. but, for airplane, we have to have a lot of check.  we have to be examined.  but, recently the train is very  dangerous    because of the train window often cracks.so,   if i went to the travel,  now, i prefer  airplane. if i could afford, i prefer.one day last week, i opened up the refrigerator in my house. but  there was  nothing to eat. so  i was so confused.  but it can't be helped.  i had to go supermarket near my house. and i'd like to the supermarket,  and i chose some foods  i needed at that time.  in the supermarket, there was a lot of foods, and i picked up   some bread, some meat and other stuffs. and i paid for the money. and, because  the food i bought was so heavy,     i had to  place the food i bought  on the back of the car.  it was  too much to  place  in the car. so  i present on back seat. and,  when i got home,  i began to cooking. at first, i wanted to  sunny-side-up. so i  cooked it.     i was eager to   have nice meals.  what kind of shopping? everything?.   yes, i like. . , i prefer because books are not so expensive, and i enjoy them  for a long time.  so,  if i bought a lot of books,    it wouldn't cost so much. so i don't need to feel depressed because  i hadn't spend so much money. "what could i do?". i don't have to be depressed like that. so  buying book is very fun. and it is also fun to   choose my clothes. but  clothes are often   very expensive. so    of course, it's fun. but, sometimes i found myself very depressed   because    i spent a lot of money   just for clothes. and  i can't use  cloth    for a long time compared with books. so, sometimes  buying clothes can depress me..  in most case,  i have a plan. but, sometimes i want   buy clothes,  suddenly.. yes. this christmas?.  on the twenty-forth,  the christmas eve,   i don't have plan.  no. but   maybe,   on the christmas day,  i will have a date. but, twenty-forth,  i don't have any plan. so i might do  my part-time job. almost finished.   on wednesday,  in the school of literature, all the classes could end.. . but part-time job is not so problem.. no, not at all.  very much.