good morning.yes,  my name is .yes, of course. i'm fine, but,  today i overslept. so   i was late for this test. i'm sorry. .yes.  today i have no class. so today's my holiday. every tuesday is holiday. usually  i go to  badminton club because i belong to badminton club in university. yes. and i have played badminton for  three years. so, since i entered the university,  i started to play badminton, yes.  at first,  when i enter the university, i wanted to play tennis club. and  i wanted to belong to tennis club, but i didn't decide to  enter the tennis club. because there are a lot of tennis club in waseda university. so  it was a little bit impossible for me to decide to, yes.  and my friend  invited me to enter the badminton club because she played badminton for many years, and she was very interested in badminton, yes.  yes, but,  now i am very happy to play with her, yes. yes, of course.   the most  different i think is,  the weight of rackets, yes. and badminton racket is    not so heavy, but i think tennis racket is very . and ball is very different. .yes, winter holiday.  i went to england to go to language school in london, yes. and i stayed in london for four weeks. and i stayed  station.  it is very small station, so it tooks  one hour to get   station from central london. so,  in language school,  placed in central london. so,   i got up earlier than usual. so it was a little bit difficult , yes.yes, of course.. i think this teacher look smart teacher.  but,  maybe,  lecture is not interested,  because  not so many students is bored for her lecture.    and there are a lot of kind of  students i think. for example, in her lecture,  a woman  who is wearing orange t-shirt is,  maybe making her face  and chatting with her friends,  yes. and, one of students is listen the music  even in math class. but   the boy who  has golden hair is interested in math class because he studies harder than any other students, i think, yes.that's all. .. my friends always say that,  when i looked bored,  join the ,    i often sleeping in teacher's class. and, even  in front of teacher,   i fell a sleep if the lecture is  boring for me, yes.yes, of course. but i  but  i tried to listen their lecture harder than other students because it was very difficult for me to study math. so, now i enter the  education department, and  i've studied  japanese literature because i was interested in japanese literature. so,  when i was in third grade in high school, i quit to study math. hello, this is  speaking.   i'm sorry to inform you, but, today  i have very important appointment. so    i cannot go to your party today.really?  i'm sorry, i'm sorry indeed. but,  today i have to go to   take a examination   with  my friends because i wanted to get a job. . thank you,  but,    of course, i'd like to go, and i'd like to enjoy with you. but, today, maybe,  if i don't go to  take the examination, maybe,  i cannot get a job because maybe i have to  good conversation, . yes.  .yes, .. thank you, yes. . if you  held your party for me, i'd like to go. so, please  tell me that.thank you.. sorry.yes.yes, of course.   i and my friend really like a ,  so,  in winter, we often held  party. for example,  or . ?  is a kind of strange , i think because  .  when we want to  hold a  party, we have to bring a lot kind of food, for example, chocolates or  curry roux  and,  any kind of strange food yes. not only  but also fruits, yes.  we can enter a lot of thing in the pot, yes. and i boiled, and i wait  to eat. it's very interesting. many time it was very  terrible taste, . .yes.one day last week,  she   found that  there was no food in refrigerator. so she decided to go to supermarket by car. and she enter the supermarket to buy something to eat. and she used to  car to bring her things to buy because, maybe,  she had to  buy a lot of thing. and, when she  decided to buy, she went to  the  to pay the money for . she bought three cans and one meat and one .  after she paid the money, she  bought two bags to   into the car. and she went to home     and drove the car. and, after that, she cooked.  and, maybe,   i think she cooked  egg.   maybe, yes. and she looked  very good at cooking, i think.  yes. no,  i don't think .  maybe, my sister is  good at cooking, yes.  i don't like to cook, , because  i don't know how to  cook well.for example, what kind of   ingredients  should i enter the  or,   how many times should i boil or i don't know.  it's very  difficult, yes. . yes. .no.  when we have a  test, yes,     if my member of badminton club have a lot of tests,  we will decide to,  quit to practice badminton, yes, because  we will be busy to prepare our examination, yes.thank you, thank you very much.