 my name is . nice to .?how do you write in    chinese character?i see. because    in chinese character.nice to meet you, . in .       there is a beautiful park. and,   there,   we can fish.yes.yes, but  during summer time. i don't know, but  a little big.my family? i have  . he is almost retired, maybe  he will retire    next year.and kids, one is a boy and one is a girl. and my son is working at a   computer factory or computer business. so i'm hear he is very busy as considering about having relation with y two k and he cannot go back home,  often.so     he have to standby at hotel at the end of this year.so we cannot celebrate the new year's day together. and daughter is,  working at a small cable television company. and    she was studied in america so she can speak english and    her  company is very small.  fortunately there is  no person who can manage english except her, so   she has to do everything to  a negotiation between the foreign company and translate, interpret and interview,  sometimes she interview at a t v program  with a foreign musician but  i don't have any hobby about the rock music, so about that. but she   the time in last autumn, there was a fuji rock festival in naeba and she went there and she worked hard. .free time?. because if i have free time, i have to help my mother.   she is eighty three years old and  she is living alone and  just a little knee problem so  i have to prepare at help her i am free.. yes. i have a hobby to playing tennis,  swimming and   to cook.but,  i like cook but i don't like to clean up after the meal.. . so    they don't help me, soand my husband,  he is  old typical japanese man, so  he doesn't help meto help  washing, cleaning, and other things. he is ..   this is a picture of  one  very comfortable restaurant, maybe italian restaurant. there are three couples of customers and two waiters. and     these couples, maybe, i suppose, they are celebrating their, maybe anniversary.so   they  are taking wines  and  the waiter is suggesting a very  delicious  wine or champagne.  no, red wine. because   he is tasting a red wine. and   after few minutes later, they will have a nice italian dishes such as prosciutto,   second, the,   linguine. maybe  with carbonara,  linguine carbonara. and,   some salad and horsemeat, . i would like to suggest,  karupatyo.and one girl is playing the piano,      along the wall but i can't see her face. maybe she is a very nice girl. and no. .maybe i like,  italian food, and my husband also does, so we would like to go to some nice restaurant to have italian restaurant. and i have never celebrate, my  wedding ceremony but  we have celebrated, our   birthday  respectivelyyes.. shall i start?this is  speaking. fine, thank you.  how are you? how about your party?  did you have already finished to   to prepare?but, i'm so sorry but i can't go.,  very sorry. i would like to go there but i cannot because my mother is ill.  she will be hospitalize tomorrow. i have to prepare today.so, i'm so sorry. but i would like to go next time. please .i'm sorry.  i like to do, but i'm sorry. i am a only one daughter so i have to do everything for her because   she's alone and she is too old to prepare. .yes, of course. i have like if my mother  is in very good condition.thank you so much. .so o     please,  accept my   apology. and,  to say hello to everybody to participate.thank you. .i always excuse against my husband.. but      i have,  my  duty everyday.  i have to do everything same duty work.but,  especially in this season,   it's a  season, and,    the junior of  his company send some present, but my husband doesn't want to  receive these parents from  junior.so he ask me  to send  thanks letter to them. and he asked me to send some other things to them, so i have to go to shopping to buy something.so   i need extra time, extra money, and so i often,  excuse to my husband  ..but that's reasonable i think.  one day last week, .     it was raining on that day. three friends are discussing  about their   having a fun. but it was rain, so  they were worrying about,   to take a picnic.   a boy suddently decided    good idea.   he suggest to go to movie,  so they went to the movie theater. and  they buy ticket and also they buy some snack especially popcorn or something   to eat during      during the movie is showing on.   they saw      some fantastic or   i think  that movie was very  adventurous movie. and   they saw   an airplane    had an explosion  on that scene.  but they were  having some snacks and chatting and  they didn't see the watch, the movie  at all. but,      at the time the movie ended, they got out and  when they got out from the theater,  it became fine. so they're very,  happy. and they discussed   to go somewhere. yes. but i don't like  to watch movie in the theater.because   if i watch in my house, i can do while   watching movie.i can do  or  i can do write a letter while   watching movie.the last?      i don't know  the english name but  in .  richard gear and some  chinese girl  are the main cast.  richard gear was playing a role of some businessman. he went to china on his business.maybe to get  some contract.but he was involved in the accident. and     he was sentenced to   maybe life sentence because he was in prison.and   he   a  american embassy to help him, but american embassy, they are an official so they don't like to get involved in a  chinese political affairs. because, and you know,  there is a humanity at china, the government neglect,  human rightso maybe the  chinese government   ignore his right.so he wanted to get out and at the time the  chinese girl lawyer   was in charge of   his crime.but at first,   she is a insisted richard gear to    confess,  false thing  to release but richard gear  didn't want  to tell a lie.and,   it's very complicated.and of course  i watched it  in englishwithout no,  .so i was very in trouble,  complicated, of course. but maybe, but,  i saw the american people and chinese humanitalian right...new year's eve? no. i said  that before,   maybe i cannot   celebrate together.but in our family policy, we celebrate,  together    at a special occasion.so maybe we will celebrate  the january.  i don't know, if my son  has break someday, we can go to    south korea.because     my son likes ,    korean barbecue, so    he said he would like to go to south korea to have,     various kind of barbecue. thank you. .you're welcome. thank you very much.