hello.my name is .yes.thank you.fine thank you,? i live in . .  city.  i have lived  for short time. i don't know much.  but  i like the city very much. i lived  city before the  city.  i goes the beach, but  from   it takes many time to go beach. so  i don't like .yes.i lived in   city..  the town is clean and the atmosphere is good. i like it. and the condition of traffic is much better than .what way?. for example, route    one, two, three  is so  empty. i'm a financial analyst of  . .  i have researched the japanese financial company, but  i changed the division.    i  began to work last month   in this division.how?. i majored in finance  in college.   i was interested in the theory.yes.  i like surfing and snowboarding.yes.      i do skiing  but    i changed last year.   i think  snowboarding is  more interesting  than skiing.? as  snowboarding  we can do  tricky thing, jumping or turning on the air.snow, ? tricky.tricky.tricky is    just  jumping,  turning on the air. yes.this is a restaurant,  they are having dinner.  he recommend the wine.  the guest is  tasting the wine.   there is a service,  playing the piano, live.  i think it good restaurant. yes.yes. . yes,  but     i couldn't go with my money.  with my parents.last restaurant,   the end of the last year    with my family, i went to italian restaurant in osaka.   my parents live in .  the restaurant's view is good. the  height is  one hundred fifty meters.   we can see the osaka's night .  and  the dinner is good.yes.o k..    i bought ski wear  yesterday. but    the  size don't fit me. now,  i'd like to the change the sizes.    i tried with only   on t-shirt. but  after   i came home and  i try with   sweater, but  this wear is  little tight.i know but  the wear,  i didn't cut the tag and  the condition is not changing. so please change it. ? i bought it last spring sale in marui.. i didn't have the tie of such color. so   this color seems to very attractive to me.. one day last week,  the guy was driving on the street. and  another guy was  driving on the bike with   speaking  his girl friend on cellular,   but he was  concentrated this talking, and    he road right side on the road. so  the accident happened.  but  the rider was so angry because  his bike was broken. but  the   driver found the phone and he insists his  mistake to policeman.  and  the   bike was carried with the truck. finish.fortunately, no. yes. . when  i was driving on highway  the crashed car i saw.   four or five times, i saw.the highway.latest one? . when   i went to my home town  the end of  the last year,  i saw near the nagoya, the crashed three cars   i suppose  bunker crashing  car, and next car was followed   i think.yes.o k. after this?   i will go back  working..