my name is . .nice to meet you, too.?today   from my work place. i'm working at .yes. still hot . i don't like rainy season. but   i like summer . i like water sports.  such as diving or rafting or something. .  and  i want  swim in the sea. so i like summer.. i usually go to  shounan.  or my grandfather has  second house in  so  i often go to beach of .  it's a two-story buildings. and    my grandfather likes collecting       from  many other countries.  there are   many things in the house. many  kind of  picture or statue or rock . it's like a  or   from china.  or he likes  statue of maria. so he bought many statue of maria from europe.. my free time.  i often go to see a movie or   this season  i sometimes go rafting.and this weekend  i'm going rafting.. my friends..live?  i live with my family and my   all relative. . i think   there is a high school or something. and teacher is teaching  about  mathematics to the students. but   some of students  concentrate  to the class. but some students   talk a lot and doing other things. . favorite teacher. .  in high school? i like  history teacher.   she was very kind and very nice and  her way of  teach was very clearly and easy to understand.   she told me  if you want to study history you should always think  why    did it do that. . it was very interesting. i don't remember her age.   she was  a bit chubby.   she  had  short hair. but she was always smiling...hello.  i'm .hi.  how are you?o k.  are you free on  this weekend? i want to see a movie this weekend. so would you like to go with me?o k. and  i want to see the movie in ginza.do you know the marion?so  how are you going to  get ginza?all right.  i'll take ginza line subway. so   do you know the big    clock tower in front of marion?all right.    let's meet there.and what time is it convenient for you?afternoon? all right.  . shall we meet at  two o'clock p m? do you o k? good. let's meet there at two p m.see you. .yes.. i like. recently i don't have much time to see a movie  at home.but  several years ago,  i like to see a moviein my house.  i like to see an action movie in the theater. because there has a good    effective  sound.  and  there are big screen in front of us, so and  if i see a thrilling movie or action movie,   it's more fun than see a movie  at home..  ..o k.   my friends   like cooking. and one day she thought   she want to make something. and  she is  searching food  in a refrigerator.  but  nothing in a refrigerator. so she was going to the store by her car. and     she got some groceries in a supermarket. and    she paid them. and   she put many grocery in the trunk in  her car. and then she could cook . i don't like  because  i live  with my family, so my mother likes cooking.so and she doesn't want me to use kitchen.   i don't need to cook. . she likes japanese food, so   she doesn't like oily food so she makes healthy food always. after this,  . so  i will go straight home, and have a dinner and take a bath   laterly.. .o k.thank you.