my name is .o k. fine. ?. i study english education, especially  how to acquire english vocabulary.. i think many  japanese students  have difficulty in memorizing english words when they study english. so   i want to know  effective way   a second language vocabulary.. this university.    maybe the reason i like this university, the biggest reason  is that this university is a place to raise teachers in japan. . so i wanted to enter . future plan?   i wish i could continue studying about english education, and  teach students who want to speak english or  write english. free time. . i often go shopping.  i don't buy much, but just window shopping. marui   it's   rather close to my house.  but sometimes  i like to go shinjuku to shop because some places,  they have cheap  so. ..  it's like usual  department store  just like   tokyu department and so on. and  the building is in the station,  and it has eight    floor? and  from the second to the fourth floor, they sell  ladies'  do you say clothes and shoes  fashions. and on the fifth floor, they have men's corner.  and on the sixth floor, they sell   like televisions and vacuum machines, washing machines, electric things and c ds. and on the seventh floor, they sell  books and  furniture. and eighth floor is  . there are restaurants ..     this is this is a fashionable restaurant, i think.  and  a couple came to this restaurant to have dinner. the waiter has a wine bottle in his hand. and the man has a glass of wine in his right hand, and he is smiling. and the girl is smiling, too. and   in the far end of the restaurant, a lady is playing the piano. and the time is seven o'clock. . last time i went to a restaurant? maybe a week ago  with my friend.i went to    spaghetti pasta italian restaurant. .  i don't know.  i met my friend, and  i was walking with her, and we wondered , and just entered.yes. o k.?   i'm looking for a blouse. .   and i want a  black blouse  which makes me look  pretty.   and i'm a teacher at a high school. and  it's a girls' high school. so the   girls evaluate my fashion .  .    i want a little more smaller size  that fits very well.     . may i try it on?thank you.  how do you think?. then i'll get it. please wrap it up, please.yes. . i usually wear pants and high neck  because it's cold. .pants. . first of all, it's cold  in the morning. so  i usually wear pants. .in summer,  i often wear skirts. i have a lot of skirts. . they are very noisy.  when i wear a scarf around my neck, they say" scarf, scarf.".  and then when i wear a loose high neck sweater, they would say ". that's  this year's fashion.". .o k.o k. . ..yes, i have. i had  a dog.. the family will  have more conversations about the pet. and the pet makes us feel more close to each other.  also before we had the dog,  we had burglars. and we had many things stolen. so my family needed   some pets. and  after we  had the dog, we didn't have things stolen any more.no.    size. not big, not small.. now?now i live in  , .. near .. i used to live in  prefecture.yes.. i often  four or five times a year..so i have no money. thank you so much.