. my name is .nice to meet you.recently?i've been working at the human resource department,and, until last year, i have been very busy my section is my boss and me.  only two persons. but, from this year,  new person came in from january. therefore, i have a bit spare time in ...no. with my little kids,i've been very busy to handle them, and  just housekeeping or working..pardon?  my kids are twins, boy and girls. therefore, they are really naughty comparing with one childor different agebecause,  when the energy get together,then it becomes three or four times .that's a difficult  handle..no  time. i think kind of exercise be with them.. i'm interested in the gardening., i'd like to  make  bit more time on the gardening to clear up our terrace our apartment.i like roses and some herbs.. .yes.  therefore, i think      difficult handling is maybe one of the   matter.   after deep care, ,if they  blossoms  fully, then it makes me very happy. there was several seasonal conditions, disease of spring, summer, autumn's. ,we have to put some chemical things or natural medicinesto protect them. sowe have to prepare before  period beforehand.... o k.   it seems a house of quiet town because there is no much traffics. and i think it's the  sunday morning.  and   they are chatting about childrens. and,  because of sunshine,     this cat is very comfortable  and takes napping.and   this gentleman  is concentrating on reading of newspapers.   i think he is retired company. and  he's on the diet. therefore, he has to   do some joggings.   .. my neighborhood is bit more crowded.  and there are some   tall apartment not like this area. and   there are some shops or supermarket  close to my apartment. but    this is, i think,   outside of the  like a chiba, .therefore,  they can have a big spacein gardens. .       i think  we liked    interior the apartment. .it's bit dark color like  i think  door or flooring is a bit dark color. ,we love it..o k.yes. i need to  go to new york as soon as possible. please tell me the earliest train i can catch...  can you tell me the  difference?... i think the super express is fastest way to new york?o k.  please give me one ticket of super express..  .it means that another train will be able to  reach new york earlier?.     what did you say the second one is?  express?     the express one is not  delayed? thirty minutes? . .    is it possible to wait for super express leaving,  having    express ticket? .o k. i'll try, and  i like to wait for super express first. then, inside minutes it  will not leave, then i'll take express one...no, not recently.       travel to far,but we traveled  hakone?. . in the end of the new year. we did not make any .but we don't like to stay at home .therefore, we decided to go out anyway.then, while  driving, we checked situation of  some hotels.then, comparing with price,   actually  there was only one or two left at most of the hotels.  therefore, we have not many choice. but,  fortunately, we could one of the hotels, then  we enjoyed .. .... . one day last week, this is myself,i found    there was nothing left  in my refrigerator.    we planned to have a dinner party with friend. therefore,  i decided to go to supermarket to get some food. and i  go to supermarket   in my town, and i picked up some  easy food to cook. and i paid money for them. then, i  put  my things  in the car. then i started to cook.   this is really  i was going to put   eggs on hamburger steak.i think i   do not do any special thingsbecause my task are really in my home.    shall i say? i think time management most important things, but it depend on them. ,   i try them to make most of the thing by themselves.. straight home..they are three .yes..yes.  six o'clock. ,i have to pick them up..yes.yes.thank you.