 my name is .yes, of course.fine, thank you, ? i live in -. i live with my sister..   she goes to university. she's now in second grade.and  her university is in .i study english and education. because i like english .and  in the future i want to go abroad and i  want to work abroad.i belong to ski club which is a great fun but  a little bit need a hard training...   we often go to nagano prefecture or niigata. unfortunately, .  i wish i could go but  i think it's a little bit difficult. i'm from japan. my parents live in .yes, i  really like it because  there are a lot of nature.and there's a nice seafood   and people are very friendly. how?   firstly, i think  the number of people . is so crowded. and  i really hate  being stuffed in a train.and  the second is people.  people in my hometown is very friendly and warm-hearted, .in free time?   i like to go  with my sister or with my friendsand have a chat in coffee shopand watching movies.i like romantic moviesin particular, but any kind of movie is o k. in this picture  a girl is sitting in front of the computer. and  probably she is  doing some schoolwork using this computer, typing something. and  this room is  i think this is her own room. and,  she's got one cat and a dog. and the cat is lying on the bed.    and there is a very big  tape recorder or composer or something.  maybe she likes listening to music. .  not really, because my room is  much   smaller or  not so big.yes, i have.  i use it when i send e-mails to my friends or doing my school assignments and  using internet..personally i think  e-mails are very good,i think. because we can get in touch with people abroad easily. and  for me, it's good for my practicing ..o k.o k.hello. .excuse me.  i want to go to new york, but   could you tell me   what is the fastest way to go to new york?. and how much is it?o k. ? local train? .  what time does it arrive in new york?seven o' clock?o k.  .  can i have a return ticket to new york, ?. yes, of course.thank you..yes, i have.i've been in england for six month.i just studied english and  i took a secretarial course as well.  i got a lot of friends   people from many  different counties. and   it was a great fun to talk with people abroad and  to know things i don't know.it's a very exciting.to be honest,  i didn't enjoy english food. because   i think too oily. and   a lot of potatoes. their  main is a potatoes. and  every time i eat dinner,  they cook potatoes in different way. potatoes too much. o k.o k.  o k. one day last week, uncle hiroshi and ken   had a lunch together. and   he took hiroshi to a nice restaurant.   then  they decided to  have italian,  then they went inside the restaurant. and then  he search to seat  table  beside the window because  they can see a nice view something   and a  waitress is coming. and  uncle is ordered  pasta and hiroshi ordered pizza. and then   they enjoy nice meals and  take a alcohol, too. an hour later, they  finished lunch. and  hiroshi was   very satisfied and   they went out to the restaurant and said good-bye.been to so far? .i like   italian restaurant in jiyuugaoka.  it's a bit expensive but they serve nice  and delicious pasta. atmosphere is  very elegant.and   nice music and very    nice mood..  maybe once a month  with my parents..after interview?yes,   i'm going to shinjuku and   having lunch with my friend.no, maybe chinese ..