yes. my name is .nice to meet you, too. i live in . so it's less than an hour from here..?  actually, there is  . it's quite,  , a big university as you may know.  and there are also many other schools. and so i guess there are many young people around .. and  also, when i talked to my friends, they would say, ". .".you know the singer? she lives around there. .  it's nice and safe.  kind of active place. very nice place to live.no. i live with  my husband.  i actually moved to  last summer.so i'm fairly a new.   . but i'm enjoying my stay.only problem is it's a little , you know, the center of . yes.   he is a  like called ordinary salary-paid man.  a very ordinary type. so he goes to work  every weekday, and it's very rare for him to go to work on weekends. but,   as usual again, he comes back home very late.   usually,  i don't have any profession of my own, but  i go to school in  which is the center of ,  so it's quite away from where i live. but,  mostly   it's only twice a week, but i have to do some studies and things. so i'm maybe occupied with the school i go to.    on weekends, sometimes i go tennis with my husband or, you know, sometimes we have to visit our parents. they're in ., just  makes them feel comfortable. .. actually,  we were living in  , you know, in the central district..  so it was quite convenient to go to school then. . i go to this school which is   supposed to be try to study about interpretation.. but i'm really having a tough time not only with the english and japanese language  but,  you know, with the things we do, political issues, economic issues, the vary things that happen. the logics.that's kind of difficult for me to study..   even if you listen in japanese, and understand it, you have to really understand it by yourself. . so, sometimes i do this japanese-japanese translation.unless i really understand it, it's, you know, so difficult to just translate surface bit...o k. so i guess this is somewhere, a skiing resort. and,   obviously, under left hand side, there are kids having fun  throwing snow balls.  i guess they are having a game. and also, up here, there is a couple having tea, probably it was cold outside so they are warming themselves up. and also, there are  people enjoying skiing by groups, i guess. and also, as usual, people do . and   there is a snowboarding people. so i guess this ski  is not only for the skiers but also for the snowboarders as well. but,  seeing this,  left here, there are so many people, so i guess this scene here is quite crowded, but maybe it's not so crowded on the other places. before i got married, i used to go  skiing. but, nowadays, i don't.  it's rather going tennis with my husband on weekends. .    i  guess   winter sports is fun, of course. but, you know,  you need to get ready everything to go out into the cold. you know, you have to get  so many sweaters and things of . it's  easier to do summer sports. you know, you don't have to wear so much things. so, in that way, i think summer sports is more convenient. ...o k..yes.  i have  asked to be in this  tour that you're arranging. but i found something that are quite different  in the actual agenda i've got from yours, compared to the pamphlet i had before.could you please tell me why this happened? yes.   it says  the pamphlet  that it would be    picking up us at the airport   with  a   individual car. but, from the actual    schedule we have here, it says you pick us up in a group in  a bus.   why did this happened?.     you know, my husband and i   really looking forward to going this.  since it was our honeymoon, we wanted to be by ourselves. and that was something very disappointing for us. and, could you please do   an alternative arrangement or anything?.. . would that cost something? . . ... but,  since the pamphlets and the actual thing here is different, and really we were expecting what this pamphlet was on, so    honestly speaking, i think it's rather the fault at your agency. so,  could you please consider a discount or something?.  please do consider it.  i mean really we don't want to, really,  bother you so much. but we want to make this trip very enjoyable and memorable one. and  we don't want to have this  ugly feeling. o k. i'll be looking forward to hearing from you..o k. .. yes, we did. but  go on a very expensive tour or anything like that. we went spain.. but  we just bought a very cheap, discounted  air ticket, and then, we went to spain, and met a friend there. and we arranged everything in spain. so  it was very cheap.. but we did enjoy it. since we did make arrangements in spain,  we weren't quite sure, you know, what to do.and we were very busy because i was working at full-time at that time, and it's like just get on the plane. .so, in that way, we were like wondering what to do.but not much of complication. but only thing we were wondering was where were the japanese people.  we went to, you know,   parts where i guess usually it's not a major place. .but it was fun..   it may be because we weren't on a group tour.  we were just wandering around town. really we didn't have anything particular schedule, but we were just enjoying the scenery. and, you know, sometimes talking to the shopkeepers. and it isn't really anything special, but i just enjoyed that atmosphere..... .. so   he was just driving    at daily routine. and then,  from the other side, it came this  motor scooter. and this guy was  actually speaking with his girlfriend on the cellphone. and then, just when this car was turning to the left,   it was just close about to hit this  motorcycle.  actually  lucky enough, they didn't actually  collide, but what happened was, he was, i guess, surprised, the person in the   motorcycle. and he dropped his cellphone. and, with this,    shock  the cellphone hit the car.  it's just broken into pieces. and this person who was,  driving the motorcycle, he was quite angry because he was really having a really nice conversation with his girlfriend. and he just went up to the driver of the car and complained about his  phone been broken. but, actually this driver himself wasn't very pleased of being accused because it wasn't really  his fault.  some part, maybe, but not a hundred per cent.  because the accident happened, they called the police, i guess,   for getting their proof of the accident. and  this person driving the motorcycle, he was still angry about the fact that his cellphone   was broken. but  the driver of the car   complained  about    the fact that he was actually   speaking on the phone  while driving. . the car driver complained this to the policeman. and  of course, it's illegal to  use your cellphone while you're driving. so what happened was, i guess, the policeman  agreed to the car driver's    argument. and  the motorcycle was taken away.  . i guess it's a  way of punishment, i guess. ..  .   i'm one of those  minorities . i guess it's quite weird. most of my friends are very amazed that  i don't have a cellphone. but,   when i was a student, you know,  there wasn't a cellphone to be used in, you know, general public. and  i think the most convenient thing is,  when you have to meet our friends,it's like  if you are late ten minutes or something, you can just call your friend and say, "i'm late. so just wait for another ten minutes.".  that's,  i think, happening today. people just, you know,call and inform each other. but, you know, ,  like  some  dramas or something in t v program, it used be like  this guy was waiting for his girlfriend, and his girlfriend was in the back of the tree or something.and they couldn't meet each other. that kind of love story did happen in the past, i guess. but, nowadays, i don't think such things would happen. it's of course very convenient.  but one thing i'm very concerned is like  my father,  he has a little problem with his heart. he doesn't have a pacemaker at the moment, but  the doctor said other day, "why not consider one?".and, when i heard that,  i know nothing about, you know, those medical things, but i was just wondering like when you are on the train, they would say, "please turn off .".because  it makes the pacemaker's thing . those kind of things are a little bit of a worry to me.. ..for today?   actually,   after this interview, i'll have my lunch, and then, i'll go to school... .thank you.o k. .