my name is ..yes, sure.nice to see you, too.  i'm o k as usual..  i worked until  five thirty, and i came here. i'm a civil servant. i work for the  inspection office..  current job is concern with  worker's compensation insurance. actually  i don't .    i was interested in the job,    but now i'm not so interested in my job.yes, . i like movies  and  music, and snowboarding. l like both.  but the theater is  great.and i like   independent movies. i prefer independent movies to hollywood blockbuster movies.independent is  you know,  it's not  big company. it's just small company's work or european work .   .  it's  hard to explain.     you know "star wars" is the hollywood blockbuster movies, and    you know,  it's not so big, but  interesting..yes. my family  live in nagoya, my father and my mother and  my younger sister.   . my sister is   personality?    she's shy, and   but  she's kind.  and   she went to  university of art.  she was drawing  japanese old pictures. .  but now  i'm not sure  what kind of job     has.  i don't know. no.o k.   there is the big restaurant. and   at the center,  two people are having dinner,   and waiter is recommend some wine, and    they  dressed up.       and over there,  a woman is playing  the piano. and the other table,  a few people are having dinner.friends?   last weekend..o k.  i went to  thai restaurant with  some friends. and  it's not so  big or it's just causal place. and  but  the food  was very delicious. . i like  that restaurant. and    i think the restaurant is the best  i've ever gone to  the thai restaurant. a lot of things just   i went  the friends      i haven't seen them  for a while so i asked them,  "how have you been?". and they ask me the same thing, and you know, we talked about  work  or just daily life or boyfriend . yes.o k. excuse me, but  i bought    this product at your shop, and    i don't like it so i want to return it.but   i haven't used it. so    i just opened it, but i haven't used it.really? but i have   the receipt, and  i also have warranty so please.    i just don't like  the color. so     ,  if  i can have another color,  it's o k. but   if you don't,  i just want to return it.  i didn't actually seen it. i just  see on the  brochure, and so i bought it, but   the color  was different that  i thought.o k. so can i talk to your boss?thirty minutes?.o k. so i'll be back   in thirty minutes...  yes. that was o k because    i just  return it  in three days so it was o k.  .   it was broken. so  it was o k. i said    it's broken, and   i didn't drop it off, or i didn't do anything, but it's just broken so i want to change the product..  ? they?    o k, and  sorry.. one day last week, ?   o k. one day last week,   she went shopping to a department store, and because   her father's birthday was  soon. she wanted to buy some present,  and    she picked some nice tie  for her farther.   and then, she found    some clothes and shoes because   it was at the sale so     she bought  a lot of  clothes and shoes and other things. so after all, she had to have   a lot of bags   when she went out the department .yes, i like shopping. i like smaller boutiques,  but usually   it's more expensive than  department store.i like window-shopping.. what is good.    it's just fun  looking at  some  nice things.  and just imagine    if i could buy  this thing.. yes.spring? sorry, what? spring plans.    i'd like to    go some small trip to countryside, maybe .. yes, but  spring is    at busiest time   at work.  i can't . i can't.thank you.thank you very much.