my name is .nice to meet you. pretty good.thank you. and you?   i manage database of  drug safety information.    it's  data of   by our product.i live in  ward.neighborhood? town.      it's   and near station is   station.no. i live alone.my hometown is  city.yeah.  my father was an engineer of tracks  but he retired two or three years ago and now he enjoys    tennis life and my mother also likes tennis so they  often play tennis together. i like to watch videos. american  movies and scientific  programs. i watched a video of  love story last sunday. it was very sad story. . i like al pacino.  i think he is great actor.? i like his film    title is "a sense of woman".  the film  is very nice and great. .. i have a lot of  freedom  and i can get up or go to sleep  any time i like. describe.   a woman is     desk and there is computer and    typewriter are  on the desk. and there is a dog and a cat in the room.  the dog is lying on the floor and the cat is sleeping on the bed.   there is a calendar on the wall and  there is a clock on the wall, too. and there is a set of stereo and telephone and shelf  are   in the room and the door is open. i don't have a desk or chair and  stereo set  and i don't have a clock on the wall  and i don't have a computer and typewriter either  and  i don't keep  cats or dog..   i write something on the table in living room. yes. i have.   i have kept    two  .and   my parents  keep  carps.? ..   i'm afraid of dogs and cats but i like birds  because they are very cute and they don't rush  into me. .hello. this is  speaking. good, and you?  are you  ?  i want to go to see a movie with you and what day is convenient for you?o k.  the day is  convenient for me, too.so, what time is convenient for you?three o'clock? o k. then  the  movie will   start  at three thirty so   shall we meet   three o'clock. and  where shall we go?o k. then shall we meet  in front of hachiko?o k.then, see you then. me, too.? anywhere is o k.  for example?  ikebukuro or shinjyuku  are good.  they are not so far from my house. usually   my friends and i   meet and have lunch or dinner and talk.  about a lot of things.   job or colleagues  or  our future...    she or i?   i don't have anything in my refrigerator so i went to a super by car. and i bought   a lot of kinds of food and i paid  about ten thousand yen for them. and i brought them to my house by car and i cooked     sunny-side up egg . . yes. of course. specialty?   not special but i   often cook  stew or  soup with vegetable or  chicken or fish. .?   i learned how to cook by books  and my mother taught me.yes. she is very good cook.her favorite dish is  .   is rice boiled with soy sauce or  some seasoning and vegetable or chicken or fish.i'll have a toeic test.no. no, i didn't. thank you.