  i am .  .  come to think of it,   i like composing and arranging  some musical pieces. i use computers to do that. and every autumn, i'm used to compose some music and  arrange  and   put it into m d or some cassette tapes and give it to my friends. and i'm very busy so i cannot do that. but i want to do that  if i have time. it's  just because i'm teaching     ten hours a week  in high school.   student. so i'm  kind of i have a double identity. i'm very busy.? yeah. . the high school is  located in the north of   in  city. and  it has about one thousand four hundred students. it's a big school.and   there are about  forty students    i mean,  in a class. and i teach  four classes. and  i'm teaching  english reading,  what it's called reading and english grammar, . . yeah.when not ?. i come to  i mean this school. and  i study about english education and english teaching    or for other time,   i prepare for next classes.class mate?here?classmate here? .   i  need  some time to think.  because there are many .particular one? many of them are   senior to me.and, yeah, i'm one of the youngest one  in    my professor's laboratory. and i always respect them. i also   want to catch up with them. so  i have to study hard.yes. sometimes or, yeah, quite often. yeah. because      we go to various meetings   and conferences or meetings. and, yeah, after that, we get to get together. we drink.and talk about english teaching..yes, it is.. yes.  can i take?. . . . can i describe anything in the picture?.  a man and a woman  are having dinner at a restaurant,   i'm not sure, but some kind of restaurant. and   there are  some music played by    pianist. and the time is  seven o'clock. i think it is   in evening. and    there are two  pairs having dinner. and that man and woman are having or  has just started to have dinner. and they are, yeah, having some wine.  yeah. i think that's all for me for now.very nice dinner?. when was the last time?   or have i had such dinner? . last time i had a very good dinner    was  beginning of january this year.i had  the dinner with a young girl and her grandmother   in a hotel in ikebukuro. and that little girl  wanted to drink some wine. and i wanted to stop. but her grandmother didn't stop her.  so    i did nothing. and she drank some wine.    i was really worried about that because    i was afraid that  she would get drunk. but she didn't. she was very strong.role-play?o k.. yes, please. .    i  participated  in  very good tour   from your   travel agency. and  i was not sure about one thing. .  he told me that  the gorgeous dinner was include in the fee. but it was not included. how could you explain?yeah. it was prepared. but i was  asked to pay extra money.  so     i mean    how can i  get back my money?you don't ?.  but it's different from  i mean the details of contract. yeah. and   i confirmed that   at the hotel and they told me that     it would not be included. and here, i have a pamphlet of your agency and it says that   it includes the dinner.  those are different. . yeah.hotel's fault? . . .   then  how can i prove that it was  not included?. then o k, then, i will call   the hotel again. and then  i will   ask them. yeah. and  can i call you later?o k. thank you.yeah.. it's difficult. i don't travel often. but i went to britain this summer. and that was my first time to go abroad..   my friend and i  drove from north to south though britain. and  we drove about one thousand kilometers, the car.and  it took  about four days, yeah, to get to london from edinburgh. yeah. and that was a long trip but it was fun. and  for the first time in my life, i negotiated  on the telephone with the native speaker of edinburgh. it was a hard english for me. but i was glad i caught up with  that english.. in terms of  anything??. the day is longer in northern part of  britain. yeah. . especially in summer. yeah. and   we walked around the city until nine o'clock p m  in the evening. yeah. but  yeah,  we could enjoy sightseeing because the day was very long, yeah, in august. yeah. that's  yeah, ..starts from ? .. can i tell the stories there as i like?o k. . can i start?one day last week,   tony and her  girlfriend     were walking. . it was raining. and  they were having umbrellas. suddenly,  they heard a voice. a very lonely but cute voice. they wondered  what it was. and they   found that it was a voice of a cat, not  voice of cat but a cat was crying. and the cat was abandoned. and  it wanted      someone to    protect . and   the girlfriend   wanted to take the cat    home. but tony  refused. but the cat was so cute and looks so lonely that the girlfriend  insisted on   taking it home. and finally, tony  had agreed. and then, they went home together with the cat.  no. and especially for cat, my sister is allergic to cats. and,  yeah, we cannot  keep pets like cats or dogs. yeah. we've had only  goldfish. yeah.because it's harmless. because   relatively easy to keep. and maybe my parents thought that it was good for children to learn about life and deaths, goldfish. yeah.because life is not too short but not too long. .yeah.  friday. . to tell you the truth, i have a lot of assignment that i have for .   i kind of    and  i have to study  throughout the weekend. yeah. so, yeah,  i have a great study plan for weekend. thank you.