.yes,  my name is .i'm pretty good. but little bit sleepy, because i woke up really earlier than as usual.why? because i have    so many things to do this morning.that's why.like   asking somebody to  check the voucher., i'm working for  department and  by now, it's  closing season.and   that's a pretty tough.i just slept only three hours yesterday..yes.how about you?? ? you mean my current home, or hoemtown? o k.  i'm living in .  nearest station is .that a  line.but, my hometown is . a little bit far from tokyo.in ? my  hometown is in .. that's ski resort .there are many ski place and  lots of snow.about two or three years ago. start to work  since nineteen ninety-eightof april.  and  before that, i was studying in college,  but not in , but actually  abroadfor  four year. i was studying in united states.and  my  university was located in west virginia.that's near pittsburgh. have you heard pittsburgh?that's a iron city.states? actually, my weakest point was english in high school age.and  i thought that if i could speak english, it'll be better for me, or best for me to  communicate with somebody like  foreigners.and  that'll be my  strongest point seeking job or finding  my way, future goals, something like this.  actually my parents let me go.and because my parents always said that  i should know another world, like not only in japanto see everywhere and study many things and  that'll be very useful for me.then, i decided to go.free time?  usually, i go to gym. or playing tennis, or shopping.i usually don't stay home at all.why? i don't know. i just feel that  i'm wasting time.   i feel that i must do something.like  going school to study about  international accounting go to english conversation school. and  study or.gym?  i always use a running machine.because i want to have more stamina to  playing tennis.i don't have a  stamina to play games.  because  once,   when i play the game, a tournament game,   i didn't have any energy after that. and  i, of course, lost. that was  so terrible.  actually i was winning, but,      after that one period, i lost any and i couldn't move..describe picture. .  it's  not countryside, but that's suburb place. and    there are big house, one, two, three houses. and  yeah, they seems to be happy to staying here. one man is jogging. one man is reading paper. there are two women are chatting with their dogs. yeah, very peaceful.  .? little bit different. because  the place that i stay in united states was a  of course country side, but  there are many  farmer people.and  no man  jogging and  no one chatting. they just   cultivating the. and yeah, little bit different. there are many big people, actually, fat people in west virginia. i don't know why. . maybe they eat so much, or. . i lost about twenty-five kilograms.yeah, i did.yeah, in the states. actually, when i went to the states, just i went to states, i had a two hundred pounds.     like  ninety-two kilograms. but  i came backi lost      forty or fifty pounds, like twenty-five kilograms.i don't know why. i just joined the tennis team. and  i played   hard. maybe, just because of that.and  i couldn't find any reason .yeah, i had a picture of it then. and i could show you. but, you'll be pretty surprised...o k.       .... hello.  this is  calling. how are you? i'm pretty good, too.  by the way, do you have  any time in this weekend?   saturday and sunday?you have  any time, about, like  two hours or some?monday?  that's good. fortunately, i'll get day off of  monday. . .. if you want, i mean  if you have a time, shall we go to the movie with me?o k. good. if so, we have to make a plan to go, like,  what time and  how. and  what about go to dinner after movie?great?  so, what time is convenient for you to meet me?anytime in the afternoon .it's so.   what about two p m? is that o k for you? o k. so, what about the meeting place?  we have to meet immediately, maybe because i'm afraid that   i wake up earlier.  if so,  what about  hachiko exit in shibuya station?does it  sound fine?o k. good.  o k. and    i know the good place to having dinner. so, after movie,  i mean, i'll introduce to you to a nice place.yeah. any kinds of movie you want. but, actually, i like to watch the action movie or romantic movie is a better. because i don't like a horror movie.? i didn't know that. i just  don't want to horror movie.because after i watched horror movie,  i always have nightmare . action movie is o k? yes, good.o k.  i'm really exciting to go movie with you.o k. so, next monday, don't forget.. ..difficult. point?   actually,  i don't get   not stress. but,       i don't have nervous or something. but,  only thing that  if i have something in trouble  train stops because of there are  something accidentally, or i cannot contact with my or that's a extraordinary situation. i don't have any like   i mean,  i'm not afraid of the stop talking or.. like  place that we go,  i mean, close like a store is closed .movie is already finished. you know.i just can "pi," think that different way to having date.yes. .. i almost went to the movie. just movie.  have dinner. that's all.  we could.yeah, i liked to stay there.? actually,  the food in united states was matched.that's why i could lose weight. .. everybody says about it.... so, describe a story about it?.   one day, one guy is driving a car. one guy is driving  bike. and  the car man didn't checked around. and  the bike and car crashed. and of course, the man who driving bike was so angry.  "hey.".  because the man who driving car didn't checked around. so, he said that,  "hey, it's your fault. you have to  fix this bike.".  but  man who cars driving, he couldn't,   he couldn't   understand his mistake. so,  he said he call police. and   police know which was fault or not fault and that. but, they couldn't saw which one is fault, which one is not fault.  i mean the man who is driving bike, his bike didn't work at all, so, he called a wrecker man. and     asked wrecker man to carrying bike. . yeah..yeah, i had, sometimes. .yeah.  i had,  twice of car accident. one was ,  the drinking man hit my car.and   i said that, "hey, you drinking.  i mean, you driving with drinking." and he said " shut up." or      something. "it's your fault.". and he had a knife .i just escaped. ssssht.that's all, yes. i thought that, he's gonna kill me...   fortunately,  i didn't have any injuries. i didn't say anything. and i just " o k, be careful.".   i got to go. i left.. one are  that's my mistake.  one day,  it was  really cold, about  minus twenty degree or something. i was driving and  that suddenly my car was slipped.and i crashed a wall. .i don't know.  i guess the road was  icy. and  i didn't notice that it was icy.yeah,  no, my car wasn't o k.but, i was o k.  i didn't have any injure..yeah, i'm lucky guy. but  i guess,  i used every luckiness in that car accident. i'm not lucky at all.. o k. japan, no.after that, i'm afraid .. thank you. thank you for.