my name is .  i'm from  city.. do you know?yes, .no, i was born in .yes,  that's right. famous for  festival.yeah, of course.yeah, very much.very exciting. yes. i'd say it's one of the most exciting festival  in japan maybe. many people nowadays come to see it as   very far.  . yes.     my family is four. i have   husband and two children. yeah. he goes to junior high school. third grade.  he is a nice boy.yes, i do.. o k.   i like watching movies .    anything. but nowadays,  i don't have time to go to theaters. so maybe i watch videos at home.yes, a few times.america and  southeast asian countries..i liked americamost.why?i liked the cities. new york and  new orleans and so on. also nature.o k.   this is a very nice neighborhood. and   there are several nice houses here. and   it is a very sunny day. and people come out, and play, or take a walk in the town. and now,  there is a car parked in front of a house. and two women, one is walking the dog,  are talking with each other. and children are playing  in the yard. and a man is jogging. and i see another man sitting  on a bench reading a newspaper.yes, i do. o k. my neighborhood is rather very old-fashioned place. people have lived there for a long time, for generations. so  there are very old traditions and  community ties,  i mean, companionship between people.  but it is a little hard to live there because    i don't  feel free  from the community, or i  i have to behave . yes, but  it's good to live such a place, too. .o k.   o k.hello, this is .hello.  i'm afraid i have to say  something.   unfortunately,  i can't  go to your dinner party today.   i'm very sorry. but   my son,  he caught a cold. and i thought  he was o k, but  now,  i found that   he has a high fever. so   i think   i had better stay home with him. and later i'll take him to  the doctor. so   i was looking forward to  go to your party so  i'm very disappointed.. yes, i know. but  this is inevitable. so  next time,   i will go to your party.so    i'm sorry. yes, yes.   you know  he takes  train  everyday to go to his school. and maybe  he caught a cold on the train.  because  you know,    many people have flu nowadays. and yesterday,  he said  he felt a little  strange. and  i made him  go to bed early last night. but  this morning,  his face was very red. and   he has a high fever now. he can't eat. he only drinks  water and tea.   he sweats all over. so i think  his condition is very bad..i hope so.see you..no.yes. not so much.. yes. if the  most of the people there  are my friend,  and   it's casual,  then,  i'll go. . formal party or  people i don't know, so it's hard..o k. .. o k.  . o k. one day last week,  miki   went out for shopping with  takashi. takashi is her boyfriend. now, they are living together. and  it was raining, but they  went shopping.    they loved each other very much. and      also, it was fun even  in the rain.   they   walked together and talked together happily.  but   before they reached the shop, takashi   suddenly stopped, and   start listening to something. and  he thought  he heard   small   meow  somewhere. and   they looked around it. and they found a small box beside  electric   pole. and they found a small  kitten in the box. " how lovely,"  she said.     someone put the cat  there. and   that someone  hoped   it would be picked up by  very kind parson. and she really wanted to keep the cat. so she asked takashi  again and again. but takashi didn't like cats. so  at first, he didn't want her to keep the cat.       but   he really liked her, and he hoped to  make her happy.  at last, he accepted the cat. and    took it home, and kept it.   he decided to keep it. yes. last movie?   i saw  what's that?   last one was,  it was " martial law".yes. that's right. there are two heroes, main characters, in that movie. one was played by denzel washington.the other was played by bruce willis.and one was good, and one was bad..yes, mainly action or serious one or    a stories about friends or families.  .. thank you very much.