yes. my name is . i'm fine, thank you. but i'm a little bit .  i woke up at seven o'clock. by train. because i live in  and  it takes long timeto come here.yes. my mother is a housewife and  she enjoys her life playing tennis or meeting with her friends.and my father lives in  now because of his work. so i miss .no, i'm a only child. because i want to study english literature and i want to go to the big university and meet many people. and  university is very big university.so.  i major in english literature. my favorite author is jane austin.  i am now  reading her book.and  the story is very interesting.her story is about the relationship of people, so  it is very interesting, i think.hobby? i like playing tennisand i   began to play tennis when i was junior high school student.and i have been playing now.and   now i play tennis once a week.. and join the tennis teamand make many friends. . i just talk with my friends and sometimes i go to their house and   stay their homeand talking all night. yes, i like. but now, i don't have enough money so  i can't.   i went to  england last summer. i went there with my family, father and mother, and stayed there for a week.and   we just sightseeing and see  many famous places.for example, london bridge and big ben,   and now i think i had to go to see the musical but  we didn't go, so next time i .  what is it? i like  just see the citybecause the  street and the house is very different from japanese style and   what do i say, it is very beautiful, i think...o k. . this is a girl's room and a girl is  sitting  in front of her desk. and    she is doing the computer work, i think.and in the room, there is a dog and cat, and both are sleeping. and she is looking at them. and her room have a desk and bed and  a  nice stereo. and the room is very clean and neat.  and that's all. .  .  because i'm not     good at cleaning.and also i don't have enough time to clean my roombecause i'm  always at outside. my mother always  me.. actually,   i have to have a job this year, so  i need a computer   to gather the information.. i'm in the third grade now, so next year,    i have to find a job. and now, i haven't decide what job    i'm going to be, but  i'm thinking very much now..   i'm always call my friends and ask  .o k. .o k.o k.hello. this is  speaking.hello.  i'm very sorry but i can't go to the party tonight.  i'm very sorry. i really wanted to go but  my mother is  sick this morning so  i can't go.yeah.   yeah, me, too. i want to go very much but  i have to be with my mother today. so  please  invite me next time.    i will go the next time. sure. now she is getting a little bit  better but    she can't move now. . no, actually this is my mother, so  i want to be with my mother today. o k, then, my father come home at eight o'clock or  nine o'clock. so after  he comes back, and if i could go, i will go.   i can't say the   accurate time,but i will call you later..see you.thank you. yes. o k, last party.   i often have the party with my friends. i mean the small party with my friend's house,  for example, the   party. and my best friend  lives alone  near  university, so i went to her house and some of my friends are invited.and  we cook  togetherand had some drink and enjoy the time. christmas,   i will be with my boyfriend. . ..o k...o k. one day last week,  my boyfriend takeshi  called me and   he asked me to go to the zoo. and    he came to my home with his car.   that is a red, lovely car.   and then, i went to the zoo by his car.  and at the zoo,  we saw   many, many animals.   for example, the big lion, and we saw the monkey eating bananas. and we had a very good time together  and  left the zoo.yeah..  i often  go to see the moviebecause i like movie very much.last movie? i saw "the pretty bride".. and  it is a  "part two" movie.     in the movie, julia roberts and richard gear appears. and  they appears together. in "the pretty woman," the famous movie. .  i don't know very much. but  he said he likes "star wars" very much. i want to go to the  zoo or aqua museum.. .yes, i think so. and i also want to go to the tokyo disneyland...this afternoon, i have to go to the  to get the entry sheet for getting job..yes.  this year is the worst, i heard. no, not yet. but i have to do something .. .thank you very much.