my name is . call me, .fine. yeah.what? yes,  i'm living   you know, near  station, yeah.yeah,   it takes about  thirty minutes from my  house to company.no, i'm living with my family. .   my family are father, mother, and younger brother. and  father is  chinese chef.  his dishes very good.  i love his dish. and  also, my mother is  kind of housewife, and   she is staying  house anytime. and my younger brother is seventeen years,  he's  eighteen, yeah, eighteen years old. yeah,  he studies at the   high school, and also  this july,  he's going to  study at  slovakia to study slovak.yeah...me? yes,   i hope so. but  i don't have so much money to move another house or to rent  another house. always,   my mother     makes my dinner or supper, so it is advantage.yeah. absolutely. yeah... o k.  i'd like to tell you the differences. o k. . america and cincinnati, . o k. first, america.  america . worker.  .  it was hard time for me because  i had to study  all time.    yeah,  i just slept three or four hours a day. it was hard, yeah, and also,   i played  lacrosse. and,  i joined   lacrosse activity. .but  you know, working is  more easy for me because goal is  just one, because  i have to  the  good profit or something. so,   it is easy...all right. the picture shows us   a ski resort. and  at least, there are one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen people there. and  also, someone play the snowboard, and   they struck out each other,    and  someone   were taught  how to ski from the coach, and  also,  one guy, he is playing snowboard, and  i love snowboard,   but, i'm not good at snowboard. , you know, yeah,    it is easy to me   yeah, to ski compared to snowboard.yeah... yeah. the big difference is the  power because    the students have  so much power compared to the japanese guy. i have never  suffered from the such a    hard body check or something. and  yeah,  in the example,  in a game, and  i suffered from the hard body check. and  after that,  i couldn't stand up there about  ten seconds. breathe, and also, after the game,  i watched my  helmet and  the face guard was bended. yeah,  but you know,the   face guard made of the  titanium, but  titanium was bended. yeah. yeah. they have so much power.yeah. ...all right.. o k. i have one question. and  i bought this shirts   yeah, one week ago, and   i try to wear this shirts, but  it is a little bit small for me, so   is it possible to change this shirts or refund me? is that  possible? i see.  but    i couldn't wear this shirts so, if so, i have to throw away this shirts   yeah, but   i tried of just one time, so   i would like to change.   no,  but   in a store,  i just look, and  i bought this shirts. .yes. i didn't try  and  after that, i went back to my  house, and  i tried, but  i couldn't.. . i know, but  another store can change like this kind of stuff so, you know, this is kind of    customer service, so  please change this shirts.. thank you. i'm glad to hear that...cincinnati. .  expensive thing.biggest thing.  what?      i didn't buy big stuff.   because     i was student.  .yes, that's right.but,  sometimes i went to  restaurant with my friend, japanese restaurant.. japanese restaurant was a quite expensive in  cincinnati.yeah, just a  or some kind of bowl,  it cost me about  fifteen or twenty dollars.  it was kind of me. ....all right. o k.   one day last week,  i went to  station to go to  my customer's office. and   i was waiting for a train, but  next person, he pushed me, and  i    yeah, my luggage to the    railroad.   i complained  the next person, but    he just say, " i'm sorry.   i'm sorry. i didn't push.". so,  i complained again and again, but  it was no meaning.   and  suddenly,  one of the trains come to the  station.  i was shocked because   my luggage was still  on the  railroad,   but, fortunately,  my bag was  in the middle of the   railroad, so there was  nothing to happen,  and   i asked  station staff, and   he  tried to pick up my luggage. and,  the someone . yeah..all right., too crowd.in tokyo?worst part.  yeah. worst part.  yeah, worst part is  i think worst part is  too crowd in train. and  yeah, example, when i was a high school student, and  yeah,      train  which was  i wanted to  ride off the  station, but   i couldn't go out from the train. but    i tried  to tell the person, "  i want to  ride off the train.   yeah, could you pass me  somethings?".    but  they ignored me.yeah, so, it is kind of the  worst thing in the train. crowd. .yeah...?not so much. because i was ordered to be move another  department.  it's a kind of  solution businessdepartment, so the department, the goal is  to find a new business, right now,     i'm not so busy. think so..thank you.thank you. thank you so much.