. my name is .yes.i'm fine, thank you. and you? i live in  . so i came from   . . the one big famous thing is .and   yeah, amusement park and it's really good place to live. not quiet and not so busy and i really like it.yeah.yes, i live with my whole family,  my parents and two brothers.brothers?  i have two brothers.and  one is older than me and another is  younger than me. and they work with my parents. and yeah, they are very nice, and a kind of quiet guys.but very gentle. my father runs the company  producing the irons and the steel. so they are helping each other with business.  i don't, but they do.o k. i'm a english teacher at a private  english language school in . i'm enjoying, but sometimes very tough, because    most of student are older than me, like  my father's age or mother's age. and sometimes  yeah, i feel frustratedyou know, to deal with  elder people.right. because sometimes they think  i'm younger than them, and that's true.but  actually it's sometimes very reluctant to listen to me orthere's  you know, some game in the classroom. it's like,  " it's kinda stupid. i don't wanna do it.".but  most of them are very  motivated to learn  you know, english and speak english.i'm really enjoying my job. best experience at my ?  it just happened last week.and one of my student   really wants to go abroad. especially, i think, australia.she want to get a position of exchange student  australian university.but her toefl score was really low, and she came to my school to, you know,  score up.and i think we studied together three months. and last week she calls me and she passed the test.only one student can go to that university.so it was so amazing.that was my best memory ...o k.  this   girl is, i think she is in her room.and looking at her pet and cat on the bed. and, right, i think she is doing  computer.and there is a one dog, also. and, yeah, i think maybe it's on weekend. or she has a relaxing time now. yes. and there is a paper here. maybe she is typing her report or letters. . yes.right.yes, i do.. you mean with computer or hand writing?it ?. to me, e-mail is more like   .so we can, you know, chat on, you know, the internet or website. i can feel the people as doing the same thing at the same time. but   i don't know how to say it,  to me, reading a letter. there is a distance from the person to person.so yeah, but   personally, i really like e-mail. because   i can feel how do people feel by internet. .yeah. site to visit?  one favorite site is the cafe globe dot com.i think it's only in japan. but this website is created by all women and for women, especially to work or like  to enjoy their lives.recently in japan or other country too,  many women are still working after they get married or yeah, if they have children.so that website is created by women .so that idea, i really like it..  one of my friend  introduced that website to me.yeah.o k.o k.. yes.    let's see, i went to the france by your package plan.   it was supposed be very gorgeous good travel.but it was not good. so i wanted to talk about it. we think hotel was so . the my room, i couldn't get the hot water. i couldn't take even shower in the morning, at night.and the service was really bad.right. but on your brochure, it says really good service luxurious hotel. it's supposed to be five stars .so i don't think it's worth to pay such a lots of money.right. but you know what? i think you wrote  that kind of promise on your brochure,so i think you have to do something for me. yes, i did. but  you know,  they  couldn't  listen to me very . so that's why  i don't speak english very .so i want to talk about it.. really?  have you contact with them?o k.so yeah, i don't know about others. but i'm sure my room was not very good for staying for long time.right. . yeah.  that's true.   yeah,  o k, so right now, personally i don't wanna use your, you know, travel plan . yeah, so i just want to talk about it. and next time, i hope it's not gonna happen for others. so i had a good time in france.but just only hotel was not good.  yeah, so if you are very   about your job,please, yeah,  talk to the hotel or talk to people.right...o k..right..thank you.bye.o k. traveling? i have a bad memory in thailand. i went to thailand for vacation with my family.and i think i got a sick there because of   .i think i ate some clambut it was not really fresh. when i ate them, i felt like " it's smells something.". but i didn't really care about it.but  that night,  i felt so bad and . and we thought maybe jetlag or time difference.and we didn't really care about it. but it's getting worse.and finally, we decided to go to hospital.but in thailand, you know what,  people are very poor even bangkok. so  a only one hospital. and  we were supposed to go to   the castle in bangkok, but we cancelled that day. and whole family went to the hospital. but it was very crowded.and we got to wait for a few hours.i felt so bad. and  you know, i went to the  bathroom and ..that was .o k.o k. so it happens before.o k. o k. so o k. can i start?o k.  o k. so let's say this is tom. tom is on the way to his office in the morning. o k. so it's a usual day, it's like  eight o'clock.  but today, he dropped his bag  in the platform.and right. so he was so scared and he talk to other people, "what should i do?".  but other people  say, " no idea. why don't you talk to like a  station man?". or they really didn't care about him.  at that time the train came. and  he was so surprised because his bag is under the train.  but after the train passed, his bag was still there.   look at him. he was so, o k,   released now. o k. so now he decided to talk to the man in the station. and that man  came down to the platform and picked up his bag and gave it to him. so now he's happy and he finally went to his office.o k. yes. rarely i drive.. i prefer to take trains.i don't know why. one thing.  especially in tokyo, parking spot. if i take a train, i don't really care about, you know, parking spotand pay parking fee.and also a traffic jam. i don't really think about this if i take the  you know, public transportation.that's the  two .and also  it's very, to me, convenient to get different places. like  first, i want to go to shibuya, and then i want to go to  shinjuku.  all transportation are connected especially in tokyo.i think it's really good transportation in the world.so that's why, i think, i prefer to take  public transportation.o k.yes.  one lesson starts at two.right. and after  i have a night class, too. our school has a policy to have  one class, it's for five to eight people.but  like afternoon time,  like housewives and students, so usually two or three students.that's .. it's very comfortable.thank you very much.yes.