my name is .nice to met you, too.sure.i'm from ,   city.o k. . it's     southern tip of . and it's surrounded sea. and  it's vary famous for its  night view  from the  top of mountain of .it's very beautiful.and  you can eat a lot of good  sea food and a lot of  the sea. . yeah.   and  a lot of good .. it's a nice place to visit.you should go there. yeah. yeah.   the area is called  .so  . and   a lot of   in that area. and   you mean  the hotel or ?o k. . but i'm not sure which one is better.but  i would recommend  o k, .  it's a hotel.   the  of the hotel, it's very nice. . it's   on  the top floor of the building. and  you can see a lot of  beautiful  scenery from the top of the building taking  .yeah.. i came to tokyo  to attend  the conference called    yesterday. so i think it's a good chance   to take this  speaking test. . so i applied to this   plus     i don't have to pay any money .so yeah, i'm very glad.. several  presentation and  panel discussion and  keynote  lecture   by  very famous  professors. and  after that,   there's a party. yeah. so  i drank a little bit too much. i'm not so . but i'm o k.. i  listen to  music, or reading books,   or do nothing..  and sitting  on a sofa. yeah. . my favorite music is  oldies  very old  music  in u.s.  especially ninety sixties   yes.o k.   o k.  this is the  restaurant. . maybe french restaurant.    a couple   comes to this restaurant to eat dinner for their      marriage  anniversary. and    the husband    is drinking  red wine. and    they are very happy    for this  nice atmosphere. and  a waiter  is  asking  about the  taste of the wine. and the husband is  satisfied  with it. and   there're two other  couples   enjoying their dinner. and   a lady is playing the piano  to make  good atmosphere at the restaurant.. in the past few days?  i didn't go any . any restaurant.just   bought  some food at convenience store. yes. .yeah.  it's very convenient  because  you can buy  packed  food  like  or sandwich or  some other  foodat  cheep price. and   very quick. so if you don't have  enough time to eat at a restaurant, it's very  convenient place to buy some .o k.. yes.  . i bought this ticket. . but i missed  the train for this ticket.because   my daughter    got sick, and   i had to take her  to the hospital.so  i was not able to catch the train for this ticket. so   would you   pay me back for this  ticket?.  yeah, i understand. but  i must    take my daughter to the hospital. it can't be helped.   and   i paid a lot of money for this ticket. so i definitely   like you to  pay me back.  . yes.   yes,  even some of the money  would be o k. so  ?half of this  price of the ticket...so i can come here  tomorrow or   later. . so   would you please ask your  manager about this?thank you.thank you.o k.. just   some trip  to the u. s.  several times. and    you mean  travel abroad or ?o k. yeah.  in japan,  i travel a lot of places. but . . . . yeah.  other than that,  i   went to australia  on my honeymoon. and  yeah, i had a lot of fun there. . and i and my  wife  went to  europe ... ,  just  spending time  relaxing and swimming and shopping...o k.o k.  one day last week in the winter,  a lady   went to a department store to buy a present for her husband. and  she bought a nice necktie for him. and     it cost her about    ten thousand yen so . and   when  she got out of the department store,  she noticed    final sale  like thirty percent off or fifty percent off. and so  she wanted to buy  her  own things, like shoes or    dresses. and     she bought  her own suit  fifty percent off. and    she went home  satisfied with  things she bought,  not only her  husband's, but also for   herself. that's all..yes.right after this interview..but  it's very warm here in tokyo, so  i like this weatherbetter than in in this season.thank you.o k.