good evening.my name is .yes. .yes, of course.i live in kawagoe in saitama prefecture. .. it's a little bit long .   at first,   i should ride tobu tojo line from kawagoe to ikebukuro and  i change the train to yamanote line,and at  takadanobaba, finally i change tozai line,   i come here.i work in nihonbashi near mitsukoshi department store.yeah. i hate it because it's too crowded, too many people, and,  yeah, trains sometimes move very  rough.yeah, so   even in the morning,    i'm always tired. yeah.yeah.yeah.of course, . but    everybody    look for seats,so  it's kind of battle .. yes, of course,    the seat in front of me   somebody  get off the train,of course, i sit down there,but   there are   a little bit far from me to the seat,it's very difficult to  ... i work  at the bank.   i work for  accountfor foreign banks.. yeah,   sometimes i like it very much, but sometimes  i'm boring..yeah,    sometimes we should send   some telegram  to other   foreign banks.i like it very much because     i need to think   some  sentences in english. i like it very much. . but    other part,   i have to do same things everyday.yes.job .yeah. . every saturday, i teach japanese to  foreigners..  it's a volunteer class.i like it very much. .yeah. . there are       many kind of foreigners, canadian,  switzerlander and spanish or english and  yeah, brazilian. .. they are  very good persons.  i like them very much, and i really enjoy teaching japanese.yeah. . because  there are some reasons.at  first,    i learned japanese literature and japanese language at my university,so  i'm very interested in japanese. and   second,  my english teacher when i was a high school,  she was a  american. and she said,  "japanese is very difficult language.".so, yeah,  she went to some japanese school, but there are only asian people, so  she always   felt   was so difficult for western people and the grammar was very far from   english grammars.so she felt  very sad  every time  in the school.i heard that story, so    i wanted to try to teach japanese.yeah.you're welcome.yeah.yes. .   yeah,   it's a    sunny  sunday  morning and people live there are very comfortable to talk each other or reading  newspapers. and childrens  are  playing  with ball or   rope.. and,  of course,   dogs  and  cat   look  very comfortable   with their master..yes..yeah..yes.yeah. . yeah, the   biggest  difference is    there are   wide garden  around house. but  in kawagoe,   we have only  small garden or   small room around houses.. that's the biggest difference. and,  yeah,    in japan,  there are fence  around houses.but there are no fences. . yeah, and there are no border between neighbor..yeah... yeah. ..o k. .. .ring.?  this is .i'm fine. how are you? . . great. and you know,  on december first, "harry potter" will start. so i'd like to see it with you.. because  i got two tickets.yes. it sounds very fine,   so, how about   second  december?yeah.o k..     what time is o k for you?yes. . i think early in the afternoon is better,because  evening, there are many people    to want to see it.yeah.   how about   at noon?and   we'll have lunch together. and, after that, go to the   movie theater..yeah. and     we can  watch it in hibiya,because     we can use the tickets only for hibiya movie theater..  is it good for you?o k. so, where will we meet?yes.and which line will you use?tozai line? i see. o k.   i'll get there by marunouchi line,and,  after that, i walk to   hibiya station. so, how about   in front of hibiya shante?. o k. so      december second,in front of   hibiya shante at noon.yeah.yes. see you then. ..bye-bye.. sometimes.   i like movies very much, but  i don't have enough time to go to  watch movie  at movie theater. .. my work is little bit busy,and,  after work, i have to  prepare for my japanese lesson.yeah..yes..yes. o k. yeah. she is my mother.    she likes department store very much. so,  last   friday,  she went to the seibu department store in ikebukuro     because of  my father's birthday present. .    she choose  green and yellow one because   my father    like brown and he has  many brown suits. and  it was little bit expensive. but    it's for his birthday present, so  she paid . but, after that,   she went to shoes floor, and    she found  good shoes but   off-price. so      she wanted new shoes for this winter, so she got it. and, after that,   she visited clothes floor,  but there were only  summer clothes. but she thought     she would wear it next summer. so she got it. .  she brought  many bags after shopping...yes, i love it.  because   seibu department store has  many kind of things,   and  this place are very unique and very wide floors.and  we can choose  from   ..  so     to   explain it. but,    yeah,  for example,  i saw a display    of   plates and  kitchen goods.and     they use very    thin threadfrom .. . yeah.. ..yeah... yeah. . yes.  i'm going home, and  i have to prepare.yeah.  no.  japanese class.. no. i try to be a good teachers.   teaching something is difficult.yeah.yes.. thank you very much.yeah.