good afternoon. i'm   sorry, .nice to meet you, too.my husband? . so,   he is  thirty four years old.  and  he works for  electric company. and  so he always  comes home   usually around seven o'clock.yeah.  so i have to  go home everyday. and he likes american football, and   he sometimes  go to watch the game. and  so, and   character is     i don't know how to say, some kind slowly.  so  not irritated.yeah.  so  both of us, always  very slow to do everything. so.in my free time?  i always watch t v, and   so  i like making the  pottery. so sometimes i make  some  salad bowls, and some plates. not . and   i like   shopping, but  i don't have to, so   spend much money, so always window shopping.pottery? so my city,   held the pottery class. so  twice a month. so  i saw the  advertisement, and so  i found it, and i  joined  the class.yes.yes.o k.   so this is the class room and    she looks a math teacher  but everybody  don't listen to her. and maybe it looks high school,  and  so they are  studying math. but  they don't  do that. and   that's all. ?  i think it's good  for childrens because some people say it's  not good  for their  individual   character. but i think  some people  have  a lot of clothes, but  maybe some students don't have   a lot of clothes. so i think it's good. but    the    is, too strict system is not good,   not good for them. but  uniform is i think good.yes.. yeah. kind of, but  i didn't feel it's strict. so  we could choose the socks, so  if we   put  colored socks, it's o k. and  so some  blouses is  so not colored blouse but  we could choose   our favorite blouse. and hair style is  not so strict, but  maybe some people felt it's strict, but    sorry.    i didn't feel  strict. but everybody said  it's kind of strict system.o k.. not loud? .. o k.yes. it's o k.. i'd like to go to new york, so  very quickly,  as soon as possible.   how can i get  there, so  most quickly? so please give me some information.super express, and express and local. so   where should i transit?i don't have to, just   get on  and so just i have to get on  at the end?and    change the train?yes. o k. so    how long does it take  to get to there?one hour.two hour. four,  so i thought  i have to get on   three kinds of train. not three kinds. so i can choose three kinds of trains. ?so i have to get on the super express.yeah.yes.three o'clock? o k. so  is it most quickly to get there?so how much does it cost?yes. two hundred dollars? o k.super express. o k.   so maybe     i'll be  new york at four o'clock, right?yeah. o k. thank you.yes. it's o k  with me.thank you.yes.yes. i've been vancouver in canada, and some asian countries. and greek. that's all.. . i think  i went there for our honeymoon.  so   first of all, i  went to amsterdam in netherlands, and transit there and  went to athens in greek, and transit again, and we went to nicholas island. and  we stayed there     almost three days. and  so  went back to japan in  same way.yeah. i like there. so everything is white and  turquoise blue, so and some flowers   were very  vivid colored, so shocking pink and very  red  and  very cleared yellow. so i like  the view there.yeah.  i'd like to go there again, but it's difficult.  yes.. maybe twenty four hours.yes. too long.and we need to lots of  transit. so it's kind of  very  hard trip.. yes.yeah, yes.yes.one day last week. o k. . just making  the story?. so, is this me, no?. o k. .all right, so,   he is driving a car, and   so     one man     coming to  his car with    calling maybe his girlfriend or wife. and suddenly  they crashed. and   he dropped his phone and     it was broken. and  looks very surprised. and    he gets  angry, because the phone is   is broking down. so he can not  use this phone again. but   so and the police man  came and they are talking about the  cellular phone. and     cellular phone, and  so he  told the police man so this man  was calling,  so maybe that's why this accident.      and finally  so   he can not also get on the bike. and the truck comes and    took it somewhere. . so  i can not find the conclusion.yes.in japan.  o k, so they have buses  so japanese buses   maybe   get the power from   gasoline, but i think in vancouver, the buses  get the power from  the water   electricy, maybe  i guess. so it's very beautiful   good for environment. and   so they have   subway. so they call it  but  it's subway, but sometimes     on the ground. so they call it sky train. and they don't have a driver like new tram in osaka. so maybe it's linear motor car,   i'm not sure about  so i think it's difference.yes.. this week end. . actually,  this week end, so it's our  marriage  anniversary. so   we'll have a dinner, and maybe stay the hotel,    same hotel  our wedding ceremony.  o k. .yeah, thank you very much.