. . yeah,  and  .  i live in ,  near here so  near the  station of j r line.yes, very convenience.   is terminal station so i can  go to work  sitting   on the crowded . i work for the  located  in  area. so and i work  as a coordinator of the international  conferences or  training programs. . so we accept trainings  overseas.. i work for the overseas public relations.  i took  half day off.   i was working   in the morning.. just  i was thinking of taking this  test. then  i'm thinking of going back to my apartment house so to clean my rooms  because i have been very busy this week.yes, yes, very nice.. weekends? so    on  fine days ?so  i like to take a walk  around my apartment. .     because i just  moved  to this  apartment   three months ago so   i really don't know about    area. but  i've heard so two or three parks  which have natural places. so   i want to visit there  sometime. .  .. . as you said,  it's very convenient place  because my apartment is   three-minute walk  from the station. and in front of the station, there is a big  supermarket  and a kind of mall so which has  many small shops. many kinds of goods are sold there. it's very convenient. i like this area.yes, very nice. . i'm single.yeah.yes. .o k. . so in this room,  one girl  is sitting. . and  maybe  she likes animals, and she keeps  one dog and one cat. and       it's   early morning, and  she started to study  using  her personal computer and   printer. . but  two animals, one cat and one dog, are still sleeping. so she actually  prefer to play with  those two pets. and she wants to talk with them.   and  one cat  is   on her bed, and a dog  which is bigger than the cat  is also sleeping on the floor. then  the door is opened. . and  she  likes   mechanical things  because    not so big, she has  a stereo  set. and  so i think   she keeps  her house clean.o k... yes,  i do.  .    one of the  good points  that    i have a personal computer is that     i can mail  message to  my friends  anytime. so  so  even it's  midnight so  i can write a message, and   send it   so anytime  i like.   and so another good point is that i can  get  a lot of information from websites    showed by many companies and many shops. . at home, anytime also, i can get a   lot of information concerning goods or something.o k.o k.o k.o k.yes. . this is . .hi. i'm calling from  my apartment. so  i was phoning    to discuss something about this afternoon. so  i'd like to see some movies. .    so do you have any plan this afternoon?really?. so what time  so    will you finish your work today?. do you have a plan  after work?i see. so how about  so tomorrow? . tomorrow  i have to work  late. so o k, next week,  do you have the some days  to  see movies with me? what day    is ?o k. so   so why don't you go on next monday evening?. so  what time  is good to you?. so   don't you have work  on monday?. that's good.that sounds good.  but actually i have  work in  next monday afternoon  until  maybe six o'clock.so   how is   six thirty  at  yurakucho station?o k.o k.     so then   i'm going to go to the yurakucho station by subway  on  hibiya line. so how about you? yamanote line. . so from which station?o k. . o k. . so i don't know how long  it takes from ikebukuro to ..o k. then o k,  you will come to the yurakucho  at six thirty on yamanote line? .then o k. so  do you know  good place to   meet with me near yurakucho station?o k. so  do you know  seibu department?seibu department store.it's near.o k. then  i remember only one big entrance     of that department .o k?yes., six thirty.thank you.. me, too., .. v c r.  i prefer to go to the theater. . because  one big reason  is a big screen.     and   most theaters  recently have good  sound systems. it's much better than   home    the   video system at home. and  so  its sounds are  real sounds. and so  actually  i have no time to see  movies at home.   and so maybe  it's better to  for the movie .o k.o k..o k.  can i describe?. ?o k. .  o k. then  one day,  one girl and her boyfriend    went to zoo. .  it was very fine day. so first,  they went to the    lion's corner. so in the cage,  there is a big lion. .  she was looking at  so the couple,  one girl and one boy. so  especially    one boy  was interested in that lion. and    he knew many things about the lion so  he was explaining the lion to his girlfriend. then next,  so  she bought  soft cream  at  shop inside the zoo. then they went to see one monkey. so   the monkey  was eating banana. maybe  the banana is    the monkey's favorite food. so  this time,  the    girl  was  interested in that monkey. . then   she was watching  the monkey eating soft cream. . but  of course,  her boyfriend   was enjoying so  looking at the monkey and  talking with   his girlfriend. then  finally,  they went out of the zoo. then   i think  they  go back to    so different directions.  so they said  good-bye at the  entrance of the zoo.  that's end of  the picture. i have my younger brother.yeah.. really? i see.yeah.yeah, .so especially  overseas  when i   go to abroad.  so especially  for foreigners, it's easy to remember .yeah, i think so.. thank you.nice to see you.