my name is . o k.fine.  no. i'm eat only breakfast.but i ate ten or eleven o'clock.so i'm not hungry now. rice and egg and  two oranges  and yogurt.no, my mother prepared.yes. family?  there are four people, and father and mother and brother and me.  my father is short and average weight. and he works monday to friday and usually he come back home  until seven o'clock. so we eat with him. and maybe his hobby is watching a movie.and my mother is also full-time worker. but   she come home until six o'clock.and prepare dinner. and she is short hair and average height and average weight. and she likes eating.especially sweet.yes. of course.  we eat a lot sweet with my mother. and , my brother is  university student.and he will graduate from  this university this year.yes. he went to   high school. so   he choose. and  my house is near .yes.  and   my brother major politics.   i major literature.  and he is also short and skinny. and  he wear always black and brown .and  his hobby is, i think,  computer or watching movie videos. describe? it is fine day. and there are  one house. and   two children  play with ball. and one man run. and there are three dogs.  one is holded by woman. and the woman talking with other woman.what? what do you like?. i like walking.  if it is sunny day..  and,    if it rains,   i hate raining, so i  never go  out..  i also like shopping. so i go,   shopping for kichijoji by  walking or using bicycle.o k.  i want to borrow  one  apartment.    i saw   one  apartment in this morning. and  so,  i want to ask some about the apartment.  firstly, i want to ask   how much     should i pay? o k. so  if  i borrow   the room,   should i pay some other things? how much does it?   and    i didn't see the  inside room, so i want to know how is the room. furnished?. the toilet and bathroom,is it separate?and     can i  have a pet?not big. cat is o k? which station is near?? o k. problem? neighbor is a little bit noisy.dogs and   maybe but only this point.one day last week, one woman went to department store.   and she went to,    tie's department.  and   she would like to buy one necktie. and    she choosed one necktie     for present. and she bought it.  after that, she asked  the shop staff,  where is upstairs for  third floor. and she went to third floor.yes.last time,  maybe i went to kichijoji. and i bought   skirt. usually i went to there  one shop because there are good clothes. i like the  clothes at that shop.    not so expensive but design is good.this weekend? maybe i will do the part-time job. and i must gain a lot of money.thank you.