yes.. my name is . thank you very much, too.  i live in , . and  i came from my   apartment.i live by myself. yes.  my family lives  close to my apartment. takes about   fifteen minutes  on foot.. because i  used to go to a university far away from my  parents' house, and i  lived    far away. so,  after graduating and   working for a while, i came back to   where my parents lives. but  i don't want to . . i used live in  ,  . it's    the quiet place. and   there are many  houses,    not so many stores or shops around. i have been working  over   seven years. actually i have got my new job  four months ago.i used to work  before. and,   in my new job,  i work as a   tour operator.and    we get  like a  orders for like a reserving hotels or restaurants from the travel agent.and,   for them, we   reserve or book restaurants or hotels.and   contact  with  asian countries.my company    mostly dealing with asian countries.. many times. i've been to like  indonesia, malaysia, singapore and taiwan.  in indonesia? . the most beautiful place  i went indonesia was  borobudur temple,   located in a   jokjakarta. . it was the biggest  buddhist temple in southeast aria.   i was very impressed. it looks so different. . it's  very huge and     it looks  like a remains of old temples..   i like walking  or like a  hiking. .  in any town.  i just  take a train to some station and walk around in the town.or sometimes going to  mountains..  . .  it's fantasy.  the scenes i have never seen before. and  i don't like to usually walk  where i have walked before. . there are three couples in a restaurant.  i think this is a french restaurant. and  one of the couples  are just   getting a wine  from a waiter. and  the man  is asking   what name of the  wine it is. and   the other couple,   they are enjoying  talking  each other.     and the last couple,   they are about to   get a food from the waiter,  looks like the  chicken.  . looks like they're  all enjoying the time in the restaurant. that's all.. never.  sometimes... i never go to   the restaurant,  which cost a lot. . i usually go to a restaurant which doesn't cost a lot like a     stores  or  fast food stores. something like that.o k.  yes.. yes.   i'd like to  get a ticket to new york. .  the fastest train to get there..  how much does it cost for a person?.     how much is it for a express train?two hundred dollars? .  is it the most   convenient way to go to new york to take the express train?fastest? o k. i'll take it.  . so you mean i have to wait for an hour?.  o k. .  what time does the next train leave?in fifteen minutes?  but  it's not the fastest train to go to new york.. o k. so,  then,  i'll wait for an hour to get the express train.o k. o k. thank you.. yeah.  slightly different from a travel agency. we    get like a orders from travel agency. . .my company is called a tour operation company. o k. . my company,  as i said, mainly deals with asian countries. and,  mostly in hong kong. and,  now,  many japanese tourist   begin to go to hong kong again after hong kong is returning to china. and   there are many  hotels   available in hong kong. but,  usually, japanese tourist   want to  stay at a expensive hotels. and  we have to have a  competition with other agencies to reserve the hotels. and       it scares me that  if  the hotels are not available    just before the tourist  leaves to hong kong. so  we have to keep pushing    our hong kong office  to get the hotels as soon as possible. yes... one day last week,    i was taking a walk with my  girlfriend in a rainy days. and, suddenly, i heard a something's crying, and   i found that it was  a kitty  crying in a small box. and     my girlfriend  took her up from the box, and  she thought     the kitty looked poor. and   she said she want to keep it. but   i was thinking for a while. . i don't like cats.  but     she kept begging to keep the cat, and,     after that,     i could not tell her that  i didn't want a kitty to take   to my home. so  we decide to take the  kitty to home. no. i don't have any pets.. i'd rather choose a dog. usually, a dog is more  royal to people. and   they usually listen to what people are asking. so  i'd rather choose a dog. i haven't decided yet. but  i think i'm  just going to a  coffee shop, and  read a book.just relax.yeah. . . thank you very much.o k. you're welcome.