good morning.my name is .nice to meet you, too.i live in ,  ward.. what's a place like?. and  is   a dominant area  in ..  there are a lot of  restaurant, a lot of barand     high school and .yeah. .yeah.a university? .  and . yeah.yes. ..  my family is   wife and dog. yeah.? . yeah,    my dog's name is   chappy.yeah, and the kind of dogs is the  yorkshire terrier.yeah, and we bought my dog  two years .yeah.  my wife was eager to buy a dog.a small dog..and so, yeah, my dog is one of my family. ..yeah,   while i'm working,  my wife  is  . therefore, my wife want to buy a dog, , avoid  to be sad. yeah..yeah, my hobby is  playing the guitar and listen to music playing a golf.  yeah,      i've been playing guitar for  twenty-five years.yeah, when i was a junior high school student, started to play the .especially i like blues.yes, i have a band. unfortunately, i can play the guitar once or twice a week. because  i'm very busy weekday..yeah. i bought  a house ,and therefore, i can play the guitar   can play the volume  high, yeah. yeah..yeah.  having dinner   and they're enjoyed it. and, bartender served a bottle of wine.yeah.    somebody playing the piano.yeah. and   there are lot of   on the table,    at the middle of shelf,    there are a lot of wine bottles.yeah. .  this seems good  atmosphere.yeah, very nice. .yes.yeah.favorite one?  my favorite restaurant is italian restaurant   very  reasonable price  a very good dishes. .especially,  my favorite dishes is peperoncino. yeah,   peperoncino is very simple taste  difficult to cook.yeah.  simple  but difficult to cook, i think. ..yeah.  one of the most difference  is    that peperoncino with  anchovy.anchovy, you know?  a salted and   minced fish. ?yeah, and anchovy    is a good taste,  and with peperoncino ..yeah.yes..yeah.     could you tell me   the   earliest way to new york?. thank you.   and could you tell me how to get earliest ticket  to the new york?. . how much  round trip ticket?.two-hundred fifty dollars.  can i use the   credit card?cash only?yeah.here you are. one ticket. ..three-hundred dollars?.  may i have a discount, please?  this trip is a   personal trip  i want to save money to new york. .  could you tell me another way to new york??  what time   next train start?in thirty minutes. yeah,  it's late. .o k. anyway,   i want to come to new york as soon as .yeah, and i will buy  the first class ticket, o k.yeah, three-hundred dollars..yeah, .. sometimes  train, sometimes car. .yeah.  but  as you know,  in tokyo,whenever    i went to the  sightseeing spot  by my car,i always meet  traffic jam.. a traffic jam irritate  me.yeah,  and   i want to   sometimes use a train to avoid  a traffic jam.yeah. and   in train, i can drink a beer, alcohol,  something to drink. .very comfortable space, . yeah. .last trip?  last trip, i went to izu     by express train.. yeah. "izu odoriko".  yeah, and   izu is one of my favorite  spring hot place.yeah.  it makes me  comfortable.  relaxiation, my mind. yeah,  a very good place for me. i like there..yeah.... yeah.  ?      she?.. i went to department store to buy   my wife's birthday present. yeah. and    at first,   i looked for     the    ladies' gift floor, and  i looked for  my wife's and  sweater. yeah. and   the department store recommended me and   green sweater for my wife, yeah.   i like the   his suggestion, and  i bought and  green sweater and which a department store's staff recommended. yeah. and after that,    i found   a lot of shoes.yeah.   suddenly, i want to buy    a pair of and for me, and  after that,  i found another  a discount suit.yeah,   this price is fifty percent off, yeah.    but,     my   objectives are  today and   i bought and  my wife's  birthday present, yeah. i gave up to buy them.  and    i left . yeah. i do not shopping too much, but my wife shopping. whenever  she goes shopping, she spend a lot of time   to decide to buy.  yeah.  whenever i go shopping, and   in advance,  i decide to buy, and    therefore,  whenever i go shopping,  i  soon. but and  when i go shopping with my wife, my wife  likes window shopping.. and  they always are decided to buy something  to  .yeah, i mean,  i'm always irritating not to the decide to buy. yeah.  now,       whenever i want to buy   my suit and my shoes, something like that,  i go shopping alone.  yeah.. yeah.  and my wife, too. ..even if and   we go shopping together,yeah, i always   wait for herat   a coffee shop. yeah..yeah.yeah.i will have a meeting this interview . yeah, and   today's objective    is to fix objective  tomorrow's meeting. meeting is  with   board member..  most important meeting,  .do you have a lot of meetings?third time or four times a week.yeah.  but and      tomorrow meeting will be held at once a month board . very important meeting..yes.you are welcome. very much.