my name is . nice to meet you.i'm from . i live in .yes, very peaceful place.yes.  i was born and raised in  and moved to  two years ago.yes.  it's difficult to answer, but now, i'm getting use to living in .  each area has a good point. in , i had a very convenient life. but  in the other hand, ,   i'm living in a very peaceful life and i can enjoy very delicious food and beautiful scenery. i have a husband but we don't have any children.   my husband is working for construction company as a civil engineer.and  he's been working for the company for about twelve years. he's  always very busy. he comes back to home around eleven o'clock. that's why i don't have to prepare dinner for him.yes.  usually in the morning, i go to rehabilitation.and in the afternoon,  sometimes i study english or go shopping with my friends.   and take a nap about one or two hours. and in the evening, i take my dog for a walk for one hour. its kind is welsh corgi.   its origin is england or scotland, i think...  this picture is  a scenery of residential area. and the weather is fine and there is a big house in the left of the picture. and there are three dogs. two dogs are facing each other in front of the house. and another dog   is taken by a woman  in pink. and a girl jumping a rope  seems to be very cheerful. and a man is jogging on the street. and there is also  a elderly person reading a newspaper  in front of two trees. and there is a sleeping cat on the car. this scenery is very peaceful and i think this place is very comfortable to  live in. in ,  in my neighborhood,  we have more houses and  we don't have a wide garden like this. but i think  there is a  common things,     they are very peaceful and comfortable atmosphere.  but we don't have a wide road like this.and   traffic is busier than this picture.thank you.i'm ready. i'm sorry, but i have something to ask you.  i bought this skirt  here, but  after  i  wearing this at home, i noticed   i don't like it.  could you change this skirt to  other one?but i have a receipt of this one.    could you change another one?.  can i talk to the manager here? but    why  can't i  change my skirt to  other ones?pardon?. but   i haven't cut the price tag and  also i don't smear  the skirt. it's very clean. and   it is same as it was   sold here.  i appreciate it if you could  change it with other ones,   and i would buy another things.thank you. no. i usually buy clothes in department store.because when i buy something in department store, i got a point because i have a points card of department store. and by using the points,  i can enjoy the discount of the goods..one day last week,  in a rainy day,  hideki and yuki were walking on the street. and  he noticed the strange voice like meow, meow. and they found a box near the utility pole. and when they opened the box, they found  a kitten. kitten was wet and exhausted. and yuki offered him to take a kitten to their home, but he didn't feel like to take it to their home,   because they are living in apartment. but  she persuaded him strongly to keep the cat and she put the cat  into her coat  to warm the cat. finally,  he reluctantly agree  her idea and took the kitten to their home.yes.pardon me?.yeah. it was  just one year ago.  actually, i live in apartment  which doesn't allow to keep a pet. but in our apartment, there  are three or four households to keep pets. i think  many residents  allow to keep pets and   we decided to buy a dog. because my husband is too busy to stay with me.  and since i move to ,   i've been feel  lonely, that's why we've got dog.in the future?  if i could live in a big house, i would have  a golden retrieveror some big dog. they are very active and i can take  to the competition of agility.but now,   we are training my dog for the competition.  that was not decided, but in april,   we will  take the good citizen test.   that may sound strange. but    to live with people,  pets also need to be a good citizen. that's why there is such kind of test. for a walk?yes.yeah. during a walk,  i'm training her  some kinds of  training..