 my name is .yeah.i'm fine.yeah. first year.yeah, it's fun..  i'm in the dance club.yeah. i really like it. we have a recital like twice a year.and we just had one like  last week.  we get into  groups and dance different dances. right. . there's different genres of dances.   i did the hip-hop dance. there's jazz, locking, house.  when like the first year,  first got into the club. the second year's  danced all the genres for us.and then i like the hip-hop the best . it's fun.. yeah. like i made more friends in the club ...  when i was in america, i took spanish classes.so i like wanted to go to a school that had spanish classes.and   so like this school, it's like really international and takes some people from other countries.and i've come here..  the food. i like the american snacks.  snickersand chocolate bars.  i think   american people like sweeter things better so it's more sweeter in america. class is having  math. and the teacher is explaining a problem. but only one student's listening. there're  girls talking and a boy listening to music and drinking. a girl's  working on her . and there's a boy chewing gum. . .. yeah. i like it better when we have uniforms. i like wearing like normal clothes, too but it's hard to like think of what to wear everyday.but you can just wear this everyday so it's easier.   i don't think we have anyone drinking or reading during class. there's people talking sometimes but mostly people pay attention to the teacher.  i like the l. l. class. we watch a movie and the teacher gives us a hand-out with questions about the movie.   we're watching  "about a boy" right now.yeah.  we haven't watched the much of it yet but it's like about a boy. he doesn't have a dad and he lives with his mom. and there's like another main character.  he's a grown-up guy. he plays around with girls a lot. and it's like how the two characters meet.yeah.hi.  i'm sorry but i can't go to the dinner party tonight.  this is . my grandma came to my house today and  she wanted me to eat dinner with her.  and she doesn't come so often so i wanna stay with her for the night. i really wanted to go, but i just can't leave my grandma alone. so i'll have to stay tonight.   it was really sudden and   my grandmother didn't even tell me that she was coming but she just came today. .. she brought presents for me, too and i just kind of feel sorry for her if i left her. i'm really sorry,  i really wanted to go. but can we just have it on another day?. i'll have to go and then i'll apologize to everyone.yeah, that's fine.yeah.yeah, i'm .thank you. i haven't really gone to . we had sleep overs a lot.that was fun like staying up all night and talking. about other people in the class and teachers. we basically like just talked about what went on during the day.yeah.yeah. . like  i got few of my friends came over to my house.and we ate cakes.. i don't know. i never really had a party in japan.yeah.  .now?  i go to karaoke sometimes.and i take  .. yeah. like you take the picture and it comes out as a sticker.yeah. one day last week,  a girl and a boy were walking together. it was raining on that day. and on their way home, they found a box on the side of the road.  and the boy heard  some noise coming from the box so they looked in and found a cat in it. the boy said they couldn't take the cat. but the girl wanted to take it. and she persuaded the boy and they took the cat home together. i'd want to take the cat but my parents probably wouldn't let me.so i'd have to leave it there. we already have a cat at home.i don't think we really ought to have anymore. we bought it at the pet shop in america.. he's named pat.  he's a boy and he's really fat. and sometimes people think he's pregnant because his stomach is so big.yeah. and he is gray and he has black stripes. like when i have nothing to do, he makes me comfortable.like holding him in my arms like just makes me feel better sometimes.  i have class next period.yeah. and then i have club after school.  the club ends at five thirty so i'll go home after that.no, not really. i have to do my homework.