. .. my name is . nice to meet you, too.. i live in  in .. . yeah,   my family live in  .o k.. because      this company  made a reservationfor us  we now  live there..  my hometown in now?  now,in ? hometown.,   my hometown is very  silent place.and,   there are a lot of housesnear my house.and,  near my house,    there are also a lot of mountains. so   its view is very nice. ....    so, i think    the biggest difference is    the number of people..    last night, i went to shibuya,and there are many ,   i thought   i like  better than . ..yes. ..     my family has   three people, and my father, my mother, and  me.and  my big sister has already get  married.. so      my parents live there,  perhaps,  lonely ..yes. yes. .because  when i went to my university ,i lived  alone.so   i'm used to living alone. .. i think .   perhaps,   every weekend, they go to the spot  and parks and temples, shrine,and so on. so,  i think it's good. o k. ....     a lady is sitting in a chair,and there is  one dog one cat room. and one dog is on a floor, one cat is on a bed.and  she is looking at a cat, but cat is sleeping.  and   i think    it is a fine day.and       she is now, because i think  the  copy machine  moving now .     it's nine o'clock. . that's all..no, my room is   smaller  room..  but     in my roomof hometown,  it's very similar this..yes. yes. course. .   i make use of it for  getting information,and   for example,   reading a news, and i like tennis very much,  when in japan,  there is little information about tennis.but,    when i  get a information by internetin english site,i can get a lot of information tennis.?    so, very small tournament  in mexico. when in japan, i can't get the tournament results,but in the internet,i can get  results.yeah. .yes.....   o k. .excuse me?yeah,  i want get a tennis racket.yeah, what's the most popular one?yeah. wilson.  i want  yonex..yeah, .   which is the    most  heavy one?... how much is it?three-thousand yen? thirty-thousand. yeah, it's  little   expensive. .can you ?. old type.. . o k.   o k,  i want the new one..o k. .so    would you have a string??of course? .  so   it cost thirty-thousand yen including strings?no?thirty-two thousand.. o k. . o k,  i'll get    them.... . .yes, much.. when i was a college student, i played three or four times a week.but, since i came to ,i haven't played tennis., because there is no court.and if i can get a court,  it is very expensive.. so  i can't play tennis now....... week.yeah... o k. . one day last week,     went to a department store   to buy a gift for her husband's birthday,and she get a very nice tie,     and  she paid ten thousand yen.and when  she get off a department store, she saw a shoes which was discounted.and  she bought one of them.and next floor, she saw a dresswhich was discounted fifty percent off,   she also bought one of them.and  at last, she bought a  lot of clothes,and shoes, and accessories.     so perhaps, when she  got off a department,   she forgot  his tie. .hometown? .in   in . know ? . in ,    i like    department store. and  once a month,   i went thereto buy  clothes, shoes  .     there are a lot of kinds of clothes, and casual,and formal,  of course business  was gotten. .yes,  last saturday,i went to  yeah, ,. and  in this company,   we can have a business casual wear. business casual.. .  we don't need wear suit.  we can wear    rough pantsand polo shirts,so i bought  them last sunday..... .after this.  now  we're having  a small project. so, i will do that and  after forty-five minutes, we will take a lunch... thank you very much.