my name is ..i'm fine. and you? the subjects i studied?o k. first period, i had english understanding which is reading a book and understanding. and second period, i had the computer science.i think that's it's called in english. and third period, i had physical education,but not the sports, but    the academical one.and the forth period, i had ancient japanese. fifth period,  yeah, i had physical  like this time the sports one. sixth period, i had english expression . and it's where i write essays or write english.out of today or out of all?out of all, i like either french or english..because i used to live in france,and i speak french.and  i like languages. . my french teacher. he is quebec.and he has different accent from me.yeah.   like  in ,you know the accents are different  in certain parts of america, it's like that. i used to live in france, but actually i went to a school in switzerland in geneva.so i have a swiss accent in my french.and he has a quebec accent in french. so it's really different. it's really fun.  a really interesting person,  artistic.no, no, no, no. but quebec,  in the beginning i did, but now, i got used to it. ..france. .  i lived in the countrysides. there were a lot of farms and calm. it was really peaceful.. there's a lot of differences. , for example,  where i live, is really the center. for example, , it just there's just so many buildings and so many people. but france is rather, it's calm. even in paris, it's still calm.  it is busy compared to countryside, but  i don't know,   yeah, it's nice and peaceful. where or what?.  i like the  south of france.i went there with my family once.and there was really nice sea there. so that was a really nice place.o k. i have a little sister.and i have a big sister.  and my dad and my mom. i have two cats.and my big sister, she lives alone. but she lives thirty seconds away from my house so  there isn't much meaning living by .but appearently she needs it for studying  . she can't concentrate at our house. little sister goes to the same school as me.. and  she speaks english, but her vocabulary,  it's not that good..o k.   it's a skiing place.   people are skiing. there's one person snowboarding.there's one person having a whiteout.and the children  are throwing  snow balls  at each other.and i think on the bottom right, they're having a ski course, learning skiing..  and there's a cottage to rest and eat.there's snow man.and there's trailer covered with . yeah.yeah.i like skiing but i prefer snowboarding better. as  look at it, snowboarding, there is only one board. but .. and the snowboarding,  you need to be good at tripping as well.the thing is,  i don't know, like snowboarding,    yeah, you always have to try to fall on your bottom.. so  snowboarding, you really have to be careful how to trip.how did i learn. i was really small, so i don't remember.  yeah, i think i could snowboard  out of nowhere.yeah.  i think i had an instructor ..yeah. in france, i only went with friends snowboarding. but   i used to live in america.and in america, i went with my family all the time. tough question because i lived in america when i was really small. .  the ones that i went in france was, i think small compared to the ones in america.  because me and my family would take hours to get to the skiing place. so it would be really up in the mountains where  it was really big. but in france, i went to   rather small ones that you can go there  an hour by car. ....yeah.hello.  it's .  about the dinner party tonight,  i'm very, very  sorry, but     i happened to have  emergency today so i can not go today. i can not make it. i'm very sorry. my little sister got in a car accident, and i have to run to the   hospital. i'm very sorry. i'm so sorry. i'm so sorry.  but  if you ever have a party again, please invite me. and  i hope the party goes well.  i'm so sorry. if my sister is fine because  i have no idea in what kind of state she is in right now. so  if she is not in a too bad condition,  i will. i'm so sorry.o k.. in the past?yeah. i just tell him if i had the reason i have to. and just apologize as well.. ?. me, i just talk and get organized because i don't like it to leave it alone, let it be. so i just talk it through.no. my little sister, yes. but my big sister, no.   i don't know, we just don't get along. it's been like that since we were really small.but my little sister and my big sister gets along ..    they just stay impartial..o k...so i pretend as if i was one of ?.  my name is mary.  last week, i went camping with my friend, joana.when we got there, we started to make the tent, and we were having a fun time, cooking and everything. but  as soon as we finished building the tent, it started to rain.and it started to storm. and  the winds   blown so fast that we had to pack up immediately.   so we decided to go stay at a hotel, and we found a hotel called hotel cosmos.and by then     it was lightening everywhere. so  when we got there, we were so happy.  and in the end, we stayed in the hotel, and had a nice time, but i wish i could have gone camping.with friends.   what i do? to karaoke.yeah.not much these days because i'm having my toefl and s a t coming up very soon. so i'm studying a lot these days.. we decide  which one's not too crowded. for example, depends on what time of day you go there's a lot of people. . or we decide  which karaoke has most songs or clean and there's a lot.  .. it's really near and a lot of people are in that direction, you know. because our school, people    live at the    direction or the  direction.so many of my friends are the  direction so we go over there.store?.   i like the , you know,   the big ball? it's nice and cheap there.. the underwear store, peach john. i'm obsessed with underwears. so  a lot.yeah.what to buy at ? the design. and  when i try it on, and it fits comfortable or not. yeah. and it's pretty  underwear at peach john compare to the other underwears. so .size and comfortableness. . i'm gonna go buy some books for my s a t. it's an exam  to the  universities in the northern america.but some schools apply that in japanas to see  how high your english level is.yeah, i'm gonna take mine in may.so that's pretty soon.no, but i might  the go to a japanese university that applies s a t. it's like the  center  in japan. kind of like that. you know, a lot of schools use that as the standard.so it's like that.o k. thank you very much.