my name is . right now? i live in . i just moved here  last august, and i don't really know like the town. but it's really convenient.  there's lots of buildings  near the station.and there's lots of grocery stores and convenient stores.. there's this big  shoppingcenternear the station and it has like many clothes and  books and c ds. but you can buy anything there and i like that ...  yeah,    it's called  the , i think.  it sells clothes and accessories,. the clothes are really cute and it's not really expensive so i can buy with my allowance..  yeah,  five thousand yen every month.    i try not to spend too much on clothes and on what i want to buy because i have to afford all my clothes and shoes with the five thousand yen.and   i think a lot of it goes on food.  like after school,  we go somewhere.. i'm not in  any  club so if i don't have any like     catch-up classes after school, i go home and   my friend's doing a band with her friends and i'm like the  manager? i sort of help with the stages and the performances. what i do after school... . this is   yeah, japanese and there used to be  mathematics but right now i'm only doing japanesebecause  i can't keep up with the class right now i'm in. because  i haven't done the basic work  the other students did in middle school andup till  september or so.  it's the other  nine months  students are in the class, too. .. .and  yeah, i think it's better  because there's   not many  like two or three people ... in middle school, i used to do badminton for two years. and   i was doing a  bass guitarfor one year. but   but  i thought of   going to the badminton club, but   i had the band with  my friends and i wanted to do that more than club. ... this is a picture of a neighborhood. and  do i describe like one thing at a time?.    on the sidewalk, there's a man  jogging. and close to him, there are two boys passing the ball   in a field. it's sort of like an open space near the house. in front of the house, there're two dogs staring at each other, i think. but i don't think they're really mad at each other because they're wagging their tails.   in front of the  large window in their house, there's  girl jumping rope.  and in front of them there are two women    gossipping, i think. the woman wearing a pink suit  was taking her dog out for walk, i don't know.    near, a white car and there is a cat sleeping on top of it... my neighborhood that i used to live in wasn't this active.  there were hardly any people because i think  all my neighbors were pretty old like fifty or sixty. and  all their children had gone elsewhere. and there weren't any kids around. and  we lived in this, it's  like a mansion, but there's only four families living in it. and  there were no pets allowed so there weren't animals near.  but besides the people and the animals, it looks pretty much the same. yes.  i think  there were doctors and dentists and  lots of people with professional  stuff.  and so i think they were working in their offices. they didn't really come out during the day time. but they seemed to stay up late at night.it's pretty different. .   the roads aren't this wide, first of all. and   there are small trees but not trees like  these pine trees. and the houses aren't big either. they are like  half or one-third the size of  these. and  yeah, there is lots of houses crunched up in one .   i like to have a dog.  and i always wanted a dog but i'm allergic to  animals so i can't. and i wanna take them out for walk.o k.o k.. i have this ticket for   for the train, but i missed it. and i was wondering if  i could either   have our money back or just trade a ticket for the next train..  today,    i was supposed to wake up at seven but my alarm clock didn't go off. and my mother woke me up at eight. and right now i'm here.  i have to ride this train to go home in time for my cram school. it's my mathematics class and if i don't go  for one lesson, i can't keep up with the next one.   and yes.       then can i buy the next  for  twenty-five percent off?  half the price..half the price and  trade it?. .. .o k. .... no,    i used to live  in america when i was small.and in kindergarten, i used to do role-play, but not since then...    if i miss the train, i just pay for the next .  i think i . give up and   call    one of my friends or something to ask them to tell the teacher that i'll be late.  i   try to get   my school work ready  before i go to sleep  so i don't have to like run around searching for books in the morning..yes. really big noise. .  one day last week,  a boy and his younger sister was walking home from school.  it was raining  and they were talking among themselves. but     the boy heard a distant  sound coming from somewhere. and he stopped to listen.     wait,   and they started to listen. they found the box next to the boy, and the sister opened it. and finding  a stray cat inside of it.   the sister asked the boy   whether their parents would let them take the cat home. but   boy knew that   their mother and father was pretty strict so he said, "i don't think so.". and the sister was really disappointed and shocked because the cat was really   like sick and starving and shivering.  and   she wouldn't go home unless the boy would let her take the cat home.  finally,       no, she had a fit  saying that she wouldn't go home unless the boy let her take the cat home. finally the boy gave in, and they went home taking the cat with them... .. .    i used to like cats better than dogs. but my friend used to have a cat and    she told me that   they're like really free and they never come homeunless they want to. and   it's self-centered, but  when i'm there  i want a pet to be with me. soi heard the dogs were better at that than cats.  ..  they're .   they are animals, but they have lives, too. and i don't think you should leave them, you know..  i know i can't have them at my home. so  i think i look for someone who wanted a cat. and like kids  or yeah. and     the last thing i do is leave them there.i think i'll take them home and try like  just for a little while keep him, then look for another owner..yes, .   i wanna finish my homework so i think i'll stay after school a little..because  the books are heavyand i don't wanna take .. japanese.    then not normal, but  old japanese, ...yeah...