my name is .yes. . maybe my grandfather.  i know.at first, my father want to give my name  "kotori" or "". but kotori means bird. and  is,  the  is not  at that time. so, my grandfather  .. . tomorrow. yes.  i have to earn a lot of money. so, i'm looking part-time job. and convenience store's . because  my mother give my  pocket money.it's about   ten-thousand yen. but i need more money to buy clothes or some food.so,  ten-thousand yen is not enough.. usually,   i go to just window shopping.and eat lunch.and sometime i buy some c d.. i like marilyn manson. do you know him?  and  this summer, i'm going to live concert at chiba marine stadium,  august nineteenth with my friends. phone. no,  the concert is not difficult to get. because     it's not live house.  chiba marine stadium is  for  so. and      makuhari messe is so big.yes.. .  there is  three dogs. and      two dogs is, maybe,   play with each other. and two boys playing volleyball behind the house.  and two womens   talking something. and   one of  women has dog. and    a cat is sleeping  on the car. and a    girl is playing  with rope. and a man is running in front of the house.  . .  there are a  lot of house. so, the house is next, next, next.so very near.and most of house  has  two floor or three. and  the road is so narrow.  so narrow and    the car difficult to through the streets because of the road is too narrow.and   i think   there are    not so much tree near my house...i don't think so., it's kind of .it's not traditional. because there are   many apartments,  so  high building    near my house.  there are lot of old people.  and so,    they like rumor very much. so, i  you know..and when my hair is gold, every old men ""o k.i'd like go new york. and     i want to get a ticket. .     and i want to go there  as fast as  i can.o k. so  where can i get the ticket?.and  where is the platform?.thank you.  how much money?o k.o k. ..yes.i went to australia for, as a  exchange student in tokyo metropolitan  government.   we couldn't chose the country. there are   five cities.  australia and  beijing and  korea and moscow and belgium. at first, i'm going to moscow. but there are many terrorist at that . so, i can't go. and  i went to the small, small town named ulladulla    maybe it's  far from sydney.and  the good thing is,   very comfortable place. and the beach. there are two beach  in the town. and beach is    so beauty. and the people in there is very  kind  for me. and  there are a lot of  nature. . there are   very colorful bird.  red, blue, yellow, green. . and the bad thing is  because of,   too far from sydney. so,   there are no  shops in the town. and  the house i stayed is far from downtown. so, i have to always  ride on the car, to get something.. one day last week,  my mother went to department store to get a present for my father. and she wants to get some tie. so, she asked the   clerk  what is the recommend  for  my father. and she bought the  tie. it's about three-thousand yen.   and  after she got the tie,  she was going to go home. but she finds the shoes was very cheap. so, my mother gets  some shoes. and after she got the shoes, she  found  the clothes. clothes was fifty-percent off. so   she want to get some  blouse. so she bought it.   and go home. but she bought a lot of things   for herself   for my family. for example,   for dinner or for  the next day's breakfast...i always  the magazine for fashion. do you know "vogue"?so   i get the information from "vogue". but vogue's clothes is , too, too expensive. so i looking for the clothes like vogue.and new shop is  from  e-mail magazine.yes.     when i look website, and i   i d and password. so, and after i  the password, i can get  information from the website..yes.tomorrow.no. because  we can bring anything...it's russian literature. yes. but tomorrow, i have to work as a teacher,near my house...