my name is  .yeah.. fine, thank you. how about you? for job?. now, i belongs to the formulations production scheduling sections.. so i am in charge of  section manager, so i  collaborate with my colleagues  one guys and two ladies. and, everyday,  they managed about  manufacturing. do you understand  ?we have the facility to produce our product,  product, but the  our production site is not able to cover all production.we have the variety of the  product, one of the solid, other is a liquid. but   some of the product are not able to produce  in-house, so,  every day, now colleagues managed to the other  company to ask to produce our product.yeah, but,  former time, i belong to the factory site, so  it is a,   what can i say,  , to concentrate our production at factory. but, now, we think about  our own factory production schedule and also other  formulation . so it is rather complicated   and, the former time,  i don't have the contact with other department, for example, the sales department. but, now, we sitting on the head office, so we surrounded sales department people. so,  often, they came to, and "would you please to change the amount of production for this month or next month?". so, every day, changing the production schedule. .yeah. . i like  music. .  in our university days, we belong to the  folk song club. guitar,  but, after graduated,  there are no chance to play the guitar because  we need  groups.i played guitar, so we need  bass or drums or vocals or keyboard. . and, of course, i played guitar at  rural place. . my hometown is yamaguchi, so  skill level of   amateur play is not so high compared with a tokyo.or big cities. so    i hated to play with  in this areas.yeah. it's a depend on the population, i think.many many young guys plays the guitar and piano, so,  maybe, ratio is not so  different from the  rural area and big cities. but,  how can i say, volume of  population is completely different. so  the  number of top  skill  amateur players is a bigger than  small towns.yes. . this shows a class, maybe, junior high school or high school. now,   the lady teacher  teaching about mathematics and  draw down  graphs.   but  some of students are not concentrate to  this  studies. some of this,   he is  same hobby listening  the music some and the , yeah.  yeah.yeah, and   there's a little bit different from the japanese  school, because i think  some ladies wears tank tops but others   traditional japanese sailer  clothes.  . and, in japan, maybe, beside of the  private school,   school force to student to wear the uniform clothes, so is a lot different from those  public japanese schools.  and also,  maybe,   yeah, first i saw this and she calculated with electric calculator, but  not calculator, it's a handy phone. . yeah.  so, when i was a junior high school or high school students, at that time, uniform is a better for  me because  it's not necessary to care about today which clothes i want to put on or something. but,  nowadays,   how can i say, philosophy of  the personality is gradually changing. so i am rather older  generation, so  i didn't think about    different   personalities more, how can i say,    people think about more seriously about personality, but,  former time,   didn't think about. so, now, all of the people think  personalities are main point. .  . recent trend to changing   rule of a school to wear  which kind clothes, what do you want is a good situation, i think..yeah.yeah, i bought this goods  today, but,  after i went back to my home, i opened the package. so, yeah, maybe,  how can i say, when i saw this  goods at the this department, is a very nice for me. but,  in a home, i opened the packages, the, how can i say, colors something different  from my image. maybe, it cause by the, how can i say, decoration light or, department stores    installed the special lights so make the color more vivid or something. so,  would you please change  other colors, yeah?yeah, but,   yeah,   i think it was better for me to check also this  down light for this clothes lamp, and also, this brought to  the window side to check  under the sunlight, but   it was my fault. but  i hesitate  to that. this situation is not polite to go this departments.o k. so  i'll look around other corners, so, would you please negotiate your manager? so i go back   two hours later. .yeah.. .. yes. .  first my  overseas trip, at that time, i forgot  to  brought my  underwears, not   i checked numbers but is not so enough for me. so, before i went to overseas, i thought  is o k to clean or wash myself or something, but  is a very, how can i say, hard to me because  very delinquent personality. so, finally, i    asked the hotel managers, and    they  me to the department stores. but  foreigner is a very big.so  i asked  clerk, so, would you   please   tell me the which corner is a better to find  my underwear?" or something. "you should go to the children's ."....o k.one day last week,    with some  coincidence, we met my uncle  and just front of a restaurant. it's a very nice situation, so i asked uncle  hungry. so,  "would you,  how can i say,   try to take  dinner?". so, very kindly,  invited me to the  near restaurant. and i order the beers and a meat, a lot of beers, so  i satisfied.  and  my uncle is very kind person. she paid all of the ,  and    i said thank you very much to the uncle   and  say good-bye.eat out?no.  i like the japanese style,  and  i've went to the overseas twice as a business trip. so, every time   i became very nervous at the restaurant,  how to use the knife and forks,  which kind of the dishes are waiting  after this dishes or something. so,  every time i, how i can say, think about my capacities and which kind of dishes are waiting or something.yeah,  generally, my upper manager,   often they went to the overseas, so, before i went to the germany,  my managers recommended, "after one week,  maybe, you eager to eat japanese dishes, so this place  there are very famous japanese restaurant and there .".yeah, after this,   i have a special meeting with our department for the new personal management system.thank you.