yeah,  i'm  . meet you.i'm pretty good. .and you? yeah, yeah. i got day off todayso.usually  i'm a english teacher.yes. i teach   at a school.  i work at  an english language school for the  , do you know?yes. on my day off?  usually  i have to do some house work. cleaning,  washing up, cooking, something like that.and also now,   i'm writing a book.so  usually i do some writing on my day off.writing a book?  yes and no. yeah.    i like writing but      i'm pressed for time.deadline, it's already gone. so i have to do. i have to  finish it very quickly.so i'm working under pressure and .  what interesting about writing?   maybe    not so much about writing itself, but  it's  nice to have a book published.my name on its cover.,  vanity. i live in ,.   i'm going to move to    end of this month. already find a new apartment. i just want a change.. yes. ..sorry?when i'm going move.so   i feel like   yeah, you know, new place, new thing, i want to start new life.there're some personal changes at the end of last  year.so i just move to you know, reset.that's the one of the main reason i decided to move.hobby?  i like reading books. and i quite like  going to the theaters. i don't go very often these days. when i was in england, i used to go to  theater regularly.yes. that's practically      i don't know. difficult to     i became interested in going to theater when i was  doing english literature course in england. and our teacher took us to the theater and i was very impressed.i really enjoyed so   then i started  going to the theater regularly.it's nice to, you know, sit and watch on the stage. it's very different from film or t v dramas.it's live.yes.yes. describe.  there's a girl sitting on a chair in front of the computer. and  she seems like talking to the cat or dog, i don't know. there's a cat  on the bed. and there's a dog sleeping on the floor. and   there's a rather big stereo system  far side of the room, there's a calendar above that stereo. there's clock on  the wall. and  there's   something next to the computer, looks like a  typewriteror printer. or maybe fax machine, i don't know.. .  the door is half open.. yes..pardon me?   writing or e-mailand checking things on the internet.yeah.i can't live without computer these dayseven in japan. computer.good question.    it's been    no, five years  since  i bought my first computer. so   i think it's quite late.    before that,    i had no problem  without computer. i was very comfortable. but  nowadays, it's so convenient.   for example,  just   before i came here, i just check the route.and how much it's cost to here. and it's just  you know, on the screen.  i can easily check these kind of things. so it's really convenient.  without computer, i have to call or i have to check and you know, i have to look it up on, you know the,   it's written on time table or things like that. but  i don't have to do it. it's really convenient. and also i can contact people all over the world by e-mail now.    i'm writing a book on  toeic. right. and   i have a co-author in the states,in florida.and  we keep in touch all the time. and  if i didn't have a computer, i will have to send stufflike you know, regular mail  which takes long time.so really convenient.yes. o k. .o k. . yes..yes.  .excuse me.   when is the next train to nagoya?yes. can i get on with this ticket?  it says   the this ticket is for the one before but  i miss it. . .o k.yeah, .. yeah. but  i bought this ticket. i paid,you know. have a right to get on that train, don't you think?    because    the train to   this stationwas late.yes..  yeah. that was marunouchi...so what should i do? o k..yes.o k. can i talk to your manager then? o k. . but this train,  you said ten minutes.   can i  wait for him on the train just in case    ,  train leave before he gets?, but you can tell him that i'm waiting for him ..yeah, thank you.. no. not usually. no.i don't travel a lot.., yes.in england? yeah.  how many minutes do you have? one event. .event. interest  experience in england. one event. one event. .yeah.  yeah, i studied. i went to english school.then i was in . i went to english language school.  and  i had a part-time job  in japanese restaurant.so i worked in a japanese restaurant in the evening.doing washing .that was  fun.  i made a lot of friends, people from all over the world.it was fun.  i went to several schools. how many schools?  five different schools. they each has different atmosphere. first one was called    which was in south-east,  quite far from the city center.  wasn't very convenient to go to the city center.   it was a first school i applied for this school while i was in japan. so i didn't know  you know,  about how things are    in . so   i find that school  through the japanese agency.   it was a  private school. and  very expensive.     no, no,  yeah, five hours a day, five days a week. twenty-five hours.it was tough. and  it was too much.and very expensive. and    i switched the school  after second months. and   it was  english course run by the university. it was nineteen ninety-two and  in england,  they still have  polytechnic system.  are you familiar with the? yeah. they used to have polytechnican university and   it was the around time they just change all the polytechnicsto universities. and i went to a school called . it was cheaper.yeah.   class is  bigger,but we had a good teachers and    we can use the library and all the university facility. that.it was good., yeah, yeah, .o k.yes.?  this is the first phrase..o k.     one day last week,  .  o k.  so   o k.   i went to camping with my sister.    we left home early afternoon and arrived at camping site  late afternoon. we put up the tent and cook curry and rice.      there was a river just next to our tent. then  while we were cooking, it started   raining heavily, there was thunder and lightening spell. and    all the food and tent were   blown away. and we have to go back to our car. and  the storm continue so we left the camping site. and find the hotel down the mountain.  and we stayed there over night.  on the following morning,       storm finished during the night and on the   in the  following morning, we had a beautiful day and we drank coffee in a hotel room looking over mountain and river.yeah.yes.? today.  .yes.  yes, there's a plan. yeah, my ex-wife is coming to my apartment because i'm going to move.so she's going to pack the all the things to send them to england.yeah.yes.yes, ..