nice to meet you. my name is .yes.. yes, please  call me , please... i'm fine today,  maybe, fine.. this morning,  i had  .but, now,  i just all right... i came here using  line and  line  from  station.. i live in ,  along  line. so i use   line to , and then, i transfer train  subways, and    got off   station. and  i had a walkfrom the station.yes, i live in.. ?. yes. . i have lived in  city since about three years ago. when i came the city,  the city was very beautiful. but my neighborhood said to me,  near  station  became so beautiful, but,   about ten years ago, it's a very small town  but becames bigger town now a days. . i came    that city after becoming beautiful city. . .. i lived in  city.. i think  is full of a many  hills.. but  around  and  area, there are few hills. so   it is easy to take a bicycles for me. and,  in winter, i feel it is a little colder than ..yes.yes..describe?o k..    this picture express one rooms. there is   sorry, one rooms. . maybe, it is   one room of the house of one working woman. . there is one bed and one desk and one shelf. on the bed, there is one sleeping cat. . the color is red and brown's stripes. and, on the floor,   side of the bed, one dogs is sleeping. . and one woman  sit a chair in front of desk. on front of the desk, there is one  personal computer and one typewriter. and,   near door, there is  one shelf. on the shelf,  there is one pair of   speakers and  stereo decks. .. yes.   i live  with my sister, and i have my private room.yes.i think the good point is   i can have space  for my hobby's goods. and, in my private room, there is one c d player. .     and i can listen my favorite c ds  as much as i like. .  and  i can have a time to think of myself. quiet space...o k. .  o k. i'm ready..yes. . i'm . this is  speaking.. good. how are you?.. yes. . do you have any time today?yes.. after you  finish the work,  why don't you   go to see movies? .     why don't you go to movies ?yes..  i'm heard from my friends, "the ape of planets" is good movies.so,   let's go to there. and, after five o'clock,   how about go to the movie theater near your office?o k? so, maybe, around five o'clock,  i'll go to near your office and call again you.. so,   maybe, five just or five ten?. so, how about meet the movie theater?..yes, five ten.o k. see you.bye.. yes, i like. but  i think   it's too expensive for me..  .   in a wednesday,       ladies can go movie theater more  low price.only one thousand yen.so    i have prefer to go movie theater on wednesday than on the video..  and i think,  for example,  the action movies, it is more exciting to see that more wide screen, i think.so i prefer to go movie theater..o k..yes...  ...  o k.yes. . the last week, i met my aunt  in my  living city.  and came the city      due to his work. and he had a free time on lunch time about the day. so      he said, "  how about go to lunch with me?". so i came to the restaurant  with him. and,   at the restaurant,  in entrance, a boy hear us, "how many peoples?". so father said, "two please, and we  no smoking seat please.",   not father, uncle said. and we  the menus  choiced. . but   we had neighbor being that restaurant.   so i heard the waitress, "  what do you recommend?". waitress said, "this restaurant  trout and chicken is good.". so we ordered one trout and one chicken. and     it was off day for me. so i have  beer.  but uncle is business day. so uncle  could not drinkalcohol. and the taste  was very good. so i felt  the satisfaction  for stomachs. .    then,    uncle is more rich person than before because  he sold his ground and houses. . so  all  price,  uncle pay. and, after lunch,      uncle went to his business, and i went to my home..yes. i have to go dental clinic..  near  station..  i go to there about one time a week. . now,  i'm treating my  not teeth,     .  under teeth. ... bye.