. my name is .. yes.i'm fine thank you, and you?. yes, i've just  had..  i ate   and salad near  station. first, i took the  line and i changed  to the   line  at  and  i also changed to  line at  and it took one and  half an hour in total.  .  i  weeded garden and  i did the laundry. . yes.  we built a new house  last month and we moved there last month too. and unfortunately, the garden is weedy and for the time being, i had to  do some gardening.. yes. . i like reading  books, magazines, and  i like traveling. magazines  every week, i buy  and  . i think these magazines are   sometimes aggressive and there are  more informative to me and the reason of buying two magazines is    there is a stance of  each publisher and   i sometimes feel  interested to compare the articles.  so i always buy two magazines of the same genre. . this is a map of the town and   should i tell the location or?anything? . there is a train station, and i think this is a  big station because there are many lines.  and there is a big river near the station. and near the river there is a park,    there are lot of greens in the town.   . i think the city of this map is  rather countryside comparing the city where i live. .  i live in  city  yeah, and there are two big  department store and a lot of shops, . but  the city of this map  has  few shops  and   i think this city is rather calm. . but  i think it's very good to live.o k.hello,  this is  .i'm fine thank you, ?. yeah,  this evening  i found  the window of my room was broken. .     i think it's not was broken by robbery but   it was just broken but  i think i have      i'd like to ask you to fix it as soon as possible.. but  it's very dangerous  because  there are many   broken glasses and   it's not safety. so  could you please  call  to fix it. but  i think there is another repairman in this town.. yeah, maybe i can check with the  yellow page.  if you don't mind, i will call repairman and could you please pay for that?o k, first i will ask the repairman to estimate the cost.yes.. yeah, so far, i didn't find  any  trouble. .  i got  married two years ago and when we got married, we decided to buy a house, , not  renting a room instead.  because   fortunately  we    proper amount and  also fortunately we could find  good place to live   near the house of my husband's parents. . should i the people in that picture?..yeah, . one day last week, i drove car and suddenly a man   who ride  bike appeared and there was accident. and unfortunately i hit the back of the bike and he claimed about it.  and we called a policeman to charge  the situation  fortunately  nobody was injured and    but the bike was broken and that man called  repairman to fix it..  maybe  there was no signal in the street and  both i and that man thought they can  go.. no,    i don't have driver's license.. yes, he does.. yes, he is, but    the end of last year, we had an accident  near london. yeah.   we planned to  go to the castle near london and we rented a car and  after rented a car we started drive and i was a  navigator. but     i couldn't find  and   he saw the map  driving and  suddenly we felt the shock on the back of the car. but  fortunately nobody was injured and   the man of the car     the man which hit us was very  british gentleman  and he's very nice and,yeah, and my husband called rent-car company and they immediately prepared a new car and the accident was covered by the insurance, yeah, and we could continue the drive so.this evening. .  i will go shopping  to  and  and .yes.to look for some small thing which will be suitable for  rooms.