my name is . nice to meet you.i'm fine, very fine. but, anyway, it's very chilly outside. it is not like march.  . last week,  it became hotter, but today is very cold, ?yes,   i like  spring because the  flowers bloom. but i'm itchy because   i have a problem of running nose in these    april and march. so i'm not so comfortable to think that the spring has come.  .  some people  has    hard allergy about  that kind of thing. but i'm light one. so only sneeze or  , not   only the running nose or   i can't do my contact lenses in these  season.yes, i did.i ate  typical japanese style breakfast today. i ate     big salmon and  "" means the   spinach and rice and some soup.  soup, but i  ate soup..   from i get up  till  come  the office?   i get up at six thirty in the morning. and   i think about what should i wear in my bed..  then, i took them all. and i go to the,    i'm sorry, bathroom. and  i'll take shower for about twenty minutes. and i set my hair.   i use  for set my hair. so  old movie's mother,  i look like.   but, to set     harder    with my curlers, i eat breakfast. . then i put off the curlers.  . i do some   foundation or put the lipstick.. this is the picture in a restaurant. the restaurant is very     gorgeous and fancy one. and there are some tables  in this restaurant.    all the guests are couples. .  i can hear the piano is playing.  . and it is seven o'clock because i can see the big clock in front of the wall. and, in front of me, there is  a couple. . both of them wear  formal dresses. and  boy   is serving  a bottle of red wine for them. the guy of the couple is tasting  a glass of wine. and, maybe,   he chose that  bottle. and he is tasting the red wine.. the last time when i wear formal dress,  i wore    for my friend's  wedding party.  . it was about  one year ago.because it was  late autumn. so it was cold outside to wear  light   dress with silk or something. so i decided to wear . i have some , but   i don't have much opportunity to wear. so, sometimes if i   had a chance,   i try to wear  instead of  dress.o k.yes,  i bought this skirt yesterday in this  shop. . it was very nice, i thought. but,  when i  came back home, and i show it to my husband, it is too short for my age, he said.so,    if it is o k, can i change to the    longer  one? i saw in the shelf  yesterday  that you have same  clothes and same design, but longer one.. . if i pay extra money, can i change it to the longer one? but,  actually,  it is a little bit  tight for me as i said. but   it   not your fault. but  i bought  this blouse as you  see    in not a sales price yesterday. so  it's my first time to say like this. is it o k to change?   i will pay extra charge.. . . yeah, sure. no, i haven't any experience like that. most of all the shop   can change.i consider mostly about the texture and  color  and size.  is sure, but  most important thing for me is the color.i like basic colors like beige or black or dark blue..   if i had a  nice skirt,    it will fit to  all of the color   like i said.  and  i can put     orange  lipstick or red lipstick as i like. so,  if i had the basic color skirt,  i can  put some colors for accent or for accessories.. . . o k.  one day last week, this is me, and  this is my friend, ryoko. and  we had a plan to  go to camping.      i had a car. . i had  yellow big  recreational . so    we prepared  food and tent to my  knapsack, and put it into my car.  . i decided  the place for camping. it is near the lake. .     we built the tent   near the lake. and we baked some food. and  it was very fine day. so we enjoyed the great scenery and  cool  nice  near the lake.  but, suddenly, the rain   felled. .  the cloud was black. and  the rain was very heavy. we were surprised to see because, before that,  it was very fine.  .  we try to  tidy up these  tent or the food. but  the wind was very heavy. so we   couldn't tidy up these things. . we rushed into the car and drive. it was only thing that  we could do. .  when i  drove in front of the hotel,  even    the sound of the   rolling was there, and  i found hotel.   we thought that it is  kind of a help. .  i plan to stay  one night  in the tent. but  i could find the hotel.  we were so lucky.    .  we checked in the hotel and   took the bath and  drink a hot coffee to warm our  body. . it was a miserable day. but we were lucky to find that hotel.yes, i have.i see. .  actually,   to lay down on the  ground is little bit hard. my body  was  aching. but,   comparing to stay hotel,  but it was uncomfortable. but, anyway the silence is great. i could hear    the insects singing or    the silence itself is very nice. and     the darkness  of outside was fine.    it was a good experience for me.yes. .yes, we did.we've been changed my mind to english mode.ten o'clock till five o'clock..even in a lunch time,  we tried to talk in english.yes,  it was my first experience   to have a day  even all in ..