hello.my name is .yes.i'm fine, thank you, and you? i have club activity in the winter,  so  i always  not all days but most days  for club activity.i am a member of a horse-riding club. now  i ride a horse three times a week and  i started horse-riding in april this year, so i'm not so good at horse-riding, but i enjoy it very much.    i can relax by touching animals.yeah, many difficulty.for example,    to make the horses go anywhere i want to go is difficult.i feel very good. the view is nice because the   height of the horses.on weekends   i have club activity. i study political science.. my favorite subject now   it's not political because i do not study political very well because i'm freshman. so now i like french class.    i started to learn french since i became a university student, so it's very difficult, but the teacher is very nice and funny, so i like the class.   he's always laughing.   when i can't understand  the question,   he doesn't  scold me but he laugh. . in a sunny day,   many people are outside of their homes and some children are playing with balls and women are talking and a man is running  and there's also some animals for examples dogs and  cats.  the cat are sleeping  on the car.i live in   near  station. the houses around my home is not so big as this picture   and  we do not have gardens or trees like this   and there are lot a lot of apartment house near my home.  . i prefer this picture because   there are not so many cars so and it looks calm. . we can feel relax.yes.hello, this is .hi,  how are you?i'm fine, thank you. and how about going to see a movie together?. what kind of movie do you want to see?o k.  i'd like to see "harry potter". . when are you free this week?how about next week? i'm free on friday and saturday next week. how about you?friday.  so let's go on friday. and how about  eating lunch together and after that seeing the movie?.   how about shibuya station? . let's meet   twelve o'clock   in front of hachikou.thank you. .bye-bye.yes.i like going to the cinema.  i like the atmosphere of the movie theater.last time   i remember  i went to see "go" with friends. i like the actor yosuke kubozuka  so i enjoyed it very much.    his smile is very nice.  one day last week  a man and his student went to restaurant together.   they ordered fish and chicken and some alcohol  and they enjoyed eating and talking.  after that the teacher paid for his student  and student was very full. yes.  i usually go to a restaurant which my friends recommended. no, because i do not go to restaurant so often.yes. i went to a italian restaurant with friends. we ate spaghetti and pizza. . it was very nice. i think because     italian food is  and familiar and it's not so expensive than japanese food or french food. i will have a party with friends.. christmas day.yes.in  friend's house.thank you.thank you.