my name is ..i live in . is like , .many people live there.. my  is in .boutique.yeah... it's fun to choose the clothes. .many place is there. but,beams  .. i have my parents,and younger brother.yes.. i rarely .but i and my brother,plays soccer. we often talk about soccer.yes.yes.circle. i play soccer  since eight years old..   when i am in elementary school,i play baseball and soccer.but in junior high school,i want play soccer. soccer is very exciting.i don't like watching soccer.  i like playing soccer... my hobbies?. only soccer.i majored in economics.. i can't know all the .i don't study now. so,i don't understand ..there's her room. and  she has two pets.  dog and cat.and      she  playing  and, she has computer.yeah. and very clean room. .  she is similar . . first of all, weather. and  my feeling.. but   i check color.. they say that red is active or blue is negative.. but  i don't think so.yes.collection,..  i never  talk with . .yeah.yeah.yeah.   what this man,do? what?yeah.yeah.i go to asia.. safety place, i want to go.. where do you think ? which country is near?korea?how long does it take,from tokyo?..    is famous place in korea?.  i like to eat. but  anything that is famous   at there,in the place. . so     what is famous in korea that  we eat?.? how long does it cost  if i spent one week?very cheap..  . . yeah. o k.yeah.no, i haven't .yes.. asia. everywhere i want go. asia,and france.i've learned frenchfor three years  high school. .when i enter high school,i can choose from french, german,and russian.so,i pick up french. my image,france is very  beautiful.so  i want to go to france..  tower.louver.yeah. one day last week,  my mother went to ..    because  her husband's birthday,will come soon.so  she want to find a present.    so  she get a tie.  . she made it .and  she not only buy a present for her husband..   she bought,  her goods.yeah. fashion goods, so on.  that day,  shoes and clothes,are cheap.so    bought a lot of.lovely  shoes.yeah..  i buy  things.if i had much money... in ,there is     many things.so  many kind of shops,not only fashion,but specific shop,there's everything i want to buy.so, that shop fit my purpose and,i rarely goes to .yes. i have to do my part-time job, from  six.i make sushi.yeah.yeah.it's fun.thank .