my name is .nice to meet you.i'm fine, thank you. and you?yes. i did. i had it   half past eleven.  i usually go to a fast food restaurant around the office. first kitchen, morinaga love and dotor coffee shop.those are my favorite places i go for lunch.. . it's quick. i usually spent about five to ten minutes for lunch.yes.go back to office to work.  yes, i am.  everybody in the office is. i go fishing almost every weekend. and i forget everything about the work.that's how i   remove stress from me.. i go to  miura peninsula and i get on the boat there and i go fishing for seven hours, usually on saturday. like catch red snappers now. . i go back home, clean the fish. and i serve   and cooked fish to my family.it's my wife's holiday. i have one wife.  i lived in  in the past but i only have one wife, daughters sixteen and fourteen.  and elder one go to a high school. and  she doesn't want me in home on weekends. and that's is probably one of the reasons, on saturday, stay away from home. . if her father is in home, he would tell her "do this, do that, would you prepare tea for me?". and she doesn't like it.  not in the next couple of years.  at the age of sixteen, girls do not want to  go out with  their fathers.  i think you have the same experience in the past, have you? . twenty-three years. i think i joined here in nineteen seventy-eight. twenty-three years. probably too long. . yes.  i once   to  in u k and i worked there for eighteen months.  and besides that,  i stayed in the head office excluding one year when i was in sales in nineteen eighty-four to eighty-five.in the u s?  how do you know i was in the u s? u k. sorry. i might have said u s, but  i worked in the u k. but  the most difficult thing for me,and when i was in the u s?    it was when i was student, i lived in the states for four and half years.     i should not mention about religion.  one of the places i lived in the states was .and    is a very religious place.  but i smoke a cigarette and take alcohol and these are not accepted by the people in . majority of the people there are mormons. and the student life there  was very different. and it wasn't very easy for me to live there. this could be my daughter's life in school.  teacher is   teaching mathematics. but students are doing something else. and  one of them is playing with the mobile telephone. and i think this is probably what my daughters are doing in school.  do you want to hear more about this? . if i may talk about politics,   the government,  i think it is the failure of the japanese ministry of education.  the method of teaching children. and   before the war, teachers are very  prestigious job. but after the war, probably after   nineteen seventy or eighty    teachers are under pressure  not to get too close to students. and teachers started thinking about their job as one of the many jobs available. and the relationship between teacher and students,   i'd say in a way, has been destroyed. and students or pupil here don't trust teachers. and teachers don't know how to deal with    children. get closer to the kids.    teachers are not to teach what they teach, what they have. they are responsible to teach how to live in the society,and  i think this is what is missing  in many teachers today.    they just think have a  permanent job which is very secure. that's my prejudice. o k. this is a difficult one.. yes. please.yes. i missed my train. my train left the station five minutes ago. could i get a refund? . could i take a later train, then?it's not very nice.  .   i paid ten thousand yen for ticket. and you are telling me   this has no value now.  it's only five minutes. it's not fair. but the next train is not full yet. there must be a  seat available in that train. can i get that seat?. . when i left home, i was waiting for a bus and  the bus was involved with a traffic accident. and there was no way i could get to the station by time.. i usually leave home two hours before the office start. i usually leave very early in order not to miss the train.yes, please.o k. fine.i'll wait. .o k.yes. i change the train.     experience i had in september last year.  typhoon hit tokyo. but i was on my way to singapore. and   a signboard on a street hit j r  power line and train stopped. and i had to change the train from j r to a private train. and the similar thing happened to me.  the private  railroad said to me  "the ticket is no good. and if you  want a refund, i had to  take j r.". and if i did,   i get to the airport late. so  i had no choice but not taking the refund and pay the additional charge to take the private train.. yes. .yes. from that company but not from the railroad.one day last week.  when i was driving a car on weekend last week, i was involved with a traffic accident. a motorbike was coming in front of me. and the driver was making a phone call with his mobile phone. and that motorbike hit my car. but  the  driver of the motorbike complained me.  so i had to telephone the police. and   the police came. and i explained what exactly happened.  and i left the place. and  motorbike was taken to a garage.. when i was twenty-three was the last time. and nearly thirty years ago? if i ever get involved with an accident, the first thing i will do would be to call the insurance company and then police.i would trust insurance company more than i trust police. . .  insurance company would take care of me. police, i don't think they would. . sometimes they don't   come to us.  they would say they are too busy. and   they would come to accident if it's a very serious one. but if it's a  small damage to the car, they wouldn't bother.. we should complain the police.  but i have  never done it.yes.right. . . we as a resident of the community, continuously  complaining the police. but complaining is not a japanese traditional culture. they tend to stay quiet. and     but i think japan is changing. and people are becoming noisier to the public servant. and japan will change very soon..yes.if we don't do anything, nothing will change.. yes, i will be. i have been very nervous.  this is the first exam i have ever taken ever since i got out of school.thank you.thank you.