.. yes. my name is .nice to meet you.now, in ,   city.yes.what  city like?.       i can't understand what you mean, so would you tell me  what you are meaning in other word? what kind of place? just  urban rural side. that's it. yes. it's   near side the river.and   we have   very cute  dog,  momo. and  i like  to go around  river with my dog. it's very good. sure. my wife,  who is   thirty-eight years old but   looks like very young,  like  playing tennis. and my daughter.just i  one daughter.and  her name is   who is now fifth grade of  elementally school.and she likes  daddy and mommy. i'm very happy ..  there are many thing  to  enjoy with   my family. . many times, i go with my family to   shopping.. and playing tennis and playing golf. also the  walk around the  riverside with them, yeah,in  weekends.  yes. i  been    cityfor three years.i don't like it.  it's   more than ten years ago.and  there was  very, very dangerous area at that time. and,   fortunately,  i've lived in a  rural side. and  my neighborhood were very  good person.but, in  a city itself  terrible, yeah. so    i like and i love some  american people. but i don't like .best memory? .  i think it's a  vacation time.yeah.   when i could have the vacation, i went to mexico  and  bahama.it's very  far side from japan. then,  it was very, very good experience  for me, yes... . it's difficult.  maybe, it is in a elementally school or junior high school. and a teacher is teaching   mathematics  in a white board. but    most of all students are  not concentrating on the   mathematics.   one person is   chewing gum. and  some girls are talking each other something. and drinking, one guy.  just two or three students are calculating and  concentrating on the  mathematics. and  it's better to  go far?  .. yes..  she has very  good  friends in the school. and  also,   she is going  prep school for  junior high school. and,  in a prep school, she has   many good friends and enjoying. but  she is not good at  mathematics.yeah. that's a headache for me. .  sometimes, yes.. .  if it is weekend,,  i'm  trying to   teach her   as far as possible. .yeah....  i'm not good at this kind of things. but, o k, i'll try.  may i?  excuse me. i bought this    at this store  yesterday.    but    i thought  it is no good  for me.so,  would you  change  this one to the other one, or   can i   get this back to you, and,  can i have  the money  instead of ? . i'm sorry. it is not  good english. but,  can  understand what i mean?yeah? o k. . . . . yes, i have. this is it. . how come? but     when i bought it, nobody  said that., yeah, i couldn't understand that.yeah. usually,  in many stores,    even if it is sale,  most of all  cases,  you can refund. you didn't  show me  the policy  when i bought it.yeah. when   you said that, and when i bought it,  i  could  understand it. but, at that time, nobody said that.  it's unfair.yeah. it's too bad. so, please..... how much is the difference?twenty dollars?.  so, when i    pay the twenty dollars, i can  change the goods?. or,   can you refund     this money  without twenty dollars?.  you can't refund? o k.  i pay twenty dollars. that's my  weakness.o k.thank you..sorry..  yeah, i had trouble  in shopping.  it's not mine.but,  when   friend visited   ,  i went to a   camera shop.and  he bought the camera.. it was just    fifty dollars. and  it's     very, very inexpensive. then, i said, "it's very good.".but,  when he bought it and  saw the  credit card receipt.it's  twice of the price.yeah.   but he already signed it.and   they had  that receipt already. then, i tell them,  "why?it's not fare.". but  he said, "no, no, no, no. body is forty dollars.". then,   i   tell him to give me  his  business card    or  ask their manager or something. but  he said, "no.   now, manager is out of office." and something like that.yeah. it was terrible. yeah. .thank you...one day last week? . so i have to make story.from here? . i see. .  young boy and girl,  maybe, had  a date in a rainy days. and the boy   heard   some sound. and girl  found  the cat in a box in a rainy days.  then,   the girl thought,       what shall i say,  "we should  bring this cat to  our house.".  but the boy said, "no.", maybe.   i see, it's not a date.  .   this boy and a girl is a sister and  brother.yeah. but   brother  said, "no. because  mommy   must say no. we can't   have a cat in our house.". but   sister   didn't agree with it. then,   finally, the brother  agreed to  bring the  cat to the house and ask their mother,     i can't have a word of their english. . can they    stay with   the cat in a house from now on?that's it. .yes. pet dog.  now, it is just two years.yes.. at first time, i  ask her,   i and  my daughter would like to   have pet dog.yes.  my wife said "no.", first.  because, you know,   she have to  take care of  the dog in a daytime.but  i said  my daughter is, you know, just one.  no brother and sister.so it's better to  live with some  animals in a house. then, she agreed. and,  first  six month  after getting the dog from the  breeder,  it was terrible for her. .  my dog is momo. momo  couldn't understand where is the  toilet.  she should not  do anything. so   it's  terrible for her. but, now,  momo is very, very  good dog. then,  she loves very, very much.yeah. . . ..yes. so,   after having pet, she loves  momo.   but,  in her life or in her mind,  not so , i .. just  she love  the dog.but,   yes.   everyday,    she will go to the riverside. and there are the many, many pet and   their parents.so   the other community we have  from  that time.so,   now, she has the many, many  friends.. even in a tennis and    other parties,  she has many  friends. but, also, now, she has the friend in a pet dog.. o k. .this weekend?.   , i'll go to the circuit.. yeah. circuit to  drive the car.yeah. no, no.    just for my , yeah. thank you very much.