 my name is . nice to meet you.yes. i'm very  anxious about this test.yeah, so   after lunchtimei was studying and  i was   reviewing  the s s t lesson.yes.   i was preparing about this test. and so .. yes. i was relax now..it's, rain, snow?   i bought  short ski  two weeks ago and yes  i usually go to snow mountain,for example, to nigata prefecture.  i have a  a car, so i will go to nigata with my friends.    it takes two hours or three hours to get to the ski place. yes, and  usually,  i will go to nigata  at night of friday and i can reach there   in morning of saturday. so, i can ski all day on saturday.and, after that i will come back to tokyo.short ski.    the ski board is very long, maybe taller than my height or your height.but, short ski is shorter than normal ski., i have a one meter ski. it's   shorter than normal ski.  if you use short ski  you can easy turn to right, turn to the left. because the,  long  if      the top of ski and end of ski sometimes crossing.short ski, not so difficult. and the length is not so long. so  we can't ski faster than normal ski. if there is a long board  you can get more speed. it's different from normal ski.if, there is no     when we ski short ski.so, if you can ski,  you can easily ski  short ski.. o k.  this is a room  and there is one girl and sitting in the chair and one dog sleeping on the floor and one cat sleeping on the bed. this room is very bright color and  this is very big room i think. because there is the bed and there is a desk and there is a  stereo .  and   i don't know but  the door is open  maybe  she forget  closing the door. and, she is very  cute  she is smiling, maybe she is relaxing this time.. and, on the desk  there is a computer   it seems that she sometimes use the computer  maybe for e-mail or to use internet. and  i'm not sure, but maybe  on the left of computer, there is a typewriter  very old style and  that typewriter's color is red.o k.  in my room  there is no pets. so  there is more different thing. and,   the door is in the left   sorry  the windows is  in the left, but our room is  the window is in the right when i see the door in front of me. and, there is a phone  in this room. but, i don't have  normal phone. i have only mobile phone. and, this room is very clean. maybe  she can  clean this room  every week. but i don't clean my room, maybe only once a month.so, my room is dirty.. and, there is a very beautiful curtain.. in my room  there is no curtain..  we use the  what's you say the window and  very strong   door or it made of  wood. and it screened the  sunshine. so, we don't need the curtain...o k, i'm ready., i'd like to go to new york  by train as soon as possible. how can i get to ticket   from here to new york?. and, how much does it cost?.which kind of train is   fastest?super express.o k,   i want to  get into the super express because  i have no time. so    how many hoursfrom here to new york?two hours by super express train?o k, so    i'd like to buy  super express ticket.how much does it cost?three hundred dollars?o k.  and  if i  take another train, the second  fastest  train is how much?five hundred dollars.one hundred.  it's cheaper. very cheaper. o k, and  if i take the second fastest train  when can i reach to new york?four hours.. that's sounds great. however  i have to go to new york as soon as possible. so o k, i will take the super express train.. really? .four hours. . o k. if i take  the second fastest train,   how long do i have to wait here?two hours.two hours and two hours. o k  i'll take the second fastest train. can i get a ticket?o k. .thank you.  not so good.  i'd like to go  to travel  by airplane   or .because  the seat is very hard.so, if i take down the seat of the train  i was very exhausted inside the rain.  but   if i  get into the airplane,   there is very  less time to reach  the destination. so, i prefer to go to  destination by airplane.and  i like to drive, so sometimes  i will drive a car from here..by car? i went to nigata prefecture, you know, to ski.and, in this season  i'd like to go to hot spring and   to take a rest in hakone.  in hakone, there is a lot of hot springs.and, there is a lot of  places   to look around. so sometimes,   i  drove my car with my friends to hakone.last week.o k.  o k.  last wednesday  after my work, i was  walking with my girl friend in the  rainy day.  there is a box near the pole  side of strret and, i can hear some strange  sound and    i stopped there with my girl friend. and, some strange sound is  maintain and i can hear  some sounds. and, there is a strange box in the  rainy day. so, i have to check the inside. so, there is  one baby cat  very cute. maybe someone put the box in     someone don't need the cat. so  it's very sad, so we talk about    what should we do. so, my girl friend  told me  let's bring this cat to my house.  but  in my house  maybe   in my family can't  take care this cat. so  i was very  complexing.  but   she told me very strongly because the baby cat is very sad. so, she persuade me to bring this baby cat and after that  she take the cat in her raincoat. and, i allowed her to take the cat. and, finally  we were walking to my house to take the cat  in the rain.., today?? .  no. i don't have appointment tonight.but  next week, i will go to  skibecause  saturday and sunday and monday are holidays.so, we can stay ski mountain two or three nights.so  i can enjoy.thank you very much..