yes, my name is . i'm from  near here.yes, i was born in  and grew up  the same place. excuse me? no, i've never lived  yes, i like  very much.my hobby?  i like listening to music, and then go to the concert. i like japanese pops.artist?  my?.   my favorite musician is "suga shikao". and  "sakura".   pop music of japanese. yeah, they,sometimes,  very  slow ballads, sometimes  songs make me  happy, or  cheerfully.family?  i have a  mother and  younger brother. my father have died about twelve years ago, yes. they work at the export company and   he works at the export company and he often visits abroad to asia, yeah.yes, but he sometimes say tired or   but i think he likes his job now.yes,  only travelling but i've been to the united states and  bali, hong kong and singapore. i like san francisco.yeah. it's because  san francisco is a very small city so i can walk around and take a subway   go everywhere  i want to go  so there are no need to drive or take a taxi so     it's easy for me to walk around the city, yeah. o k.  i think, may i make a some  story? o k.  i think  they are couple.  now   they celebrate their  engagement at the fancy restaurant.   the       now, the man try to tasting the wine.  i like but i can't afford to go  such fancy restaurant. maybe i think it's a french restaurant.i think the  atmosphere very wide and they use, like, knife and fork. and she dressed very gorgeous. so. yes, i like.french restaurant? no, no i don't. yes,  i like mexican food so  i know two or three nice mexican restaurants. i like the very casual atmosphere to eat something or   have dinner, so   once in the year    i think  it' s good at   go to such a fancy restaurant once in a year, it's good. but always go to these restaurants, i don't like it.o k.o k, i'm ready.yes  i bought this dress yesterday but it's not fit me so     ?  can i take this back? really?  but  i didn't have time to fit yesterday  so   i try to not to buy yesterday but       the lady   made me to   buy this  unless    not try it on.so i think it's   your fault, i win? yeah, sure.. but please look this dress. there is   nothing happened so please check it.o k.. no. never.? have you ever?. yes  but   it's a very common  i just locked the door the  the key inside my room so  that's all. in the other country?in japan?    i like clothes. i like buying clothes. the small specialty shop and the,  department store.    when i think i bought something just for example skirt,  hopping the stores or all stores to meet a nice one.   to meet a nice one.one day last week?o k. . the two boys and the girl   thought about       .      two boys and girl wanted to go somewhere next week . they're  all last week?o k.thank you,  two boys and girl  wanted to go somewhere. but  the day was raining. and     they got nice idea. the idea is that go to the  movie theater and  they bought a popcorn and  watched the movie or   . the movie was about airplane crash or something.   and after that, they really enjoyed. yes, but  about a year, i haven't gone to the movie theater.because i don't know but i haven't had chance.yes, i really want to go to the bali again.   i've learned indonesian language  about six months so i try to speak indonesian language.o k. thank you so much.