.my name is .  can i call me ?i live in  ward,in . i live in .   my house is in front of  station. it takes about one minutes. it's very convenient place.   is very  convenient place.because      we have  line and  line is  very .so  near my house, a lot of store or restaurant and   hair dresser place.. .  .  .?shop.  my favorite  shop is  fuji mart. it's the supermarket.  the supermarket is very small but   they have very  fresh food.     for example, vegetables, fishes, and meats. all of  these are very fresh and cheap. so i go there every day..   i have a part time job. my job is three times a week.and another day,   i do my  house affair.yeah..i like to play golfing.  i practiced golf,near my house,  about two times a week.  i started to play golfing  from twenty-three  because    when i worked  the company,  my senior  told me to play golf.   i didn't play to go golf.  but  i practiced golfing.  so   i improved to play golf, so     i play golf  the  wide field and  in the fresh air  and  i enjoy to company, so i like play the golf. there is a woman and a dog and a cat.    she sit in front of computer,and    she start to do computer.   and    the door is opened.compare?.  i live my  husband,so     there are  a lot kind of    thing in one room. my room   is  so  collect there things.  and      we don't have bed. we use  a .yeah.o k.hello.  i'd like to go to new york  as fast as   i possible. so     what time do you have the fast train,and    how much is the cost?yeah.fifty dollars. so   i'd like to reserve the ticket, for one.  do you have the  non smoking seat?so i'd like to   reserve a non smoking seat.thank you.thank you very much.yeah. i like to travel. my last trip is   in hokkaido. i went to hokkaido last week with my mother.     i get to kushiro in hokkaido,and i rent a car,and i drove the car,and i took two nights and three  days.  i heard       there are a lot of lavender farm and  it's beautiful in the summer in hokkaido.so  i want to go there      it's once.  and i want to take my mother,the place,so i  chose the place.. one day last week,     the  senior  take his  co-worker   to his favorite restaurant. and  then,   he reserved the seat for two in the restaurant and he choice the course menu at the restaurant.  they ate  delicious food and talked about the  company.  after that, the senior paid the   fee. and he said the good-bye.yes.   usually,  the senior person, paid the fee.  but   sometimes,  a lot of money  having people,pay,the fee. . yes..  when i won the  horse racing,  i treated the fee,at the .   i'm not sure.  it's about     twenty thousand yen..this weekend..   last weekend, i went to hokkaido,so  i left my husband.   i will go to shopping with my husband.yeah.   he likes to cost  free .but   he .yeah..