o k. my name is ., yeah.hi. nearly fine, but kind of sleepy. becauseyeah, i didn't sleep much last night. .. really. i was just studying for my test.first year..my daily school life.o k.   i belong in the dance club so after school, i have to go practice my dance and stuff.yeah. and i usually go home at six o'clock or something. and i'll be really tired at that time.and yeah, my school's really fun. i got many friends here to talk to. and after school, i usually go to shibuya on my way and just hang around there.shibuya?   it's the station that i have to, you know, so  it's really fun because there's many shopping place. yeah.shop? there's a lot, but i like this shopping mall called you know, one o nine. yeah, it's really fun because there's many fashion shops  for young girls.yeah..  it's basically for like teenage girls. and there's many brands that's really good. yeah.?it looks good, . good quality..quality, yeah. so i think it's cute looking like it's much better than other really cheap shops. .this school? because  i was staying in thailand for  about nine years. and  english is like my kind of first language. ... yeah, so this school has a international section like  you can  get to learn english better than other normal schools. .yeah.?food, i think. it's really good.  basically it's spicy but there's many noodles.. it's really good.. thank you..all right. describe the picture?o k.   people are skiing and  i mean, snow fighting at this mountain.    do i have to describe it specifically?.  a guy is like falling from the skier. and  yeah, i think these people are practicing and are getting lecture or something.and there's one man who's snowboarding. and the kids are fighting with the snow, throwing the snowball at each other,having fun. and in this cottage place, there's a couple who's drinking tea or something and talking to each other.thank you.?. i think the bad point is that you can get like injured really easily. and sometimes you can get lost in snow mountains. so there's many dangers. and the good point is that you can have fun.yeah.?  i like beaches and hot places better.so yeah.. i think puket is the most  like  popular place, but i never went there.we went to this island. it's not that popular, but my friend knew that place so we went there with an airplane. and it was like a island   and  the ocean was really beautiful. yeah.my friends?  there's like two that i really know. and one was one year older than me and she's really fun person. like i knew her from when i was really small. yeah. and another person is    she was a japanese teacher in my school. and she was like looking after us. .. o k..so i have to role-play with you?o k.good afternoon.  sorry,  i accidentally missed my train and can i have a refund on my ticket?    i have to explain it, right?  so i have to have excuse?o k. so  i got in a traffic jam on my way so i couldn't get my train. so can i refund it?  wait, but also pet dog accidentally swallowed   this small ball and  i had to take him to the hospital. my parents    was away from the house because they're having a trip to other country right now. so i had to take him..a refund? can i have a refund?.yeah. i think  yeah, he's o k now.yeah.thank you very .. yeah. i went to this trip to new zealand when i was really little with my family.yeah. and  i remember it was really fun. but yeah.train??train.   i think it's cheaper.yeah. and you get to see like outside like you know, views from the windows. and  yeah. it depends on where you're going. like how far you travel.if you're gonna go faster, i would rather take airplanes but yeah...so this happened last week?. yeah.so can i start?o k. o k.  one day last week,  a man was going to his company from the station. and he was bringing his carriage. he was waiting for the train at the station . but then  a man  who was standing next to him, accidentally hit his arm with his elbow. and he was surprised and he dropped his bag   on the train rail. then he complained to the man  and they start to argue but the man said  he  was not guilty of it, ?and then the train came  so the man was afraid   if his bag was gonna get damaged. but after the train pass, he was relieved because it was not damaged at all. and    the man who was standing right next to him ask the worker  to get the bag from the railroad.and the worker came down to  railroad and picked up the bag for the man. about the train system?i think it's really convenience  yeah, for the people.yeah, but it's really confusing for me because i haven't lived here  and yeah.it's really complicated..troubles? not really. but when i first like visited my friend's house in kosuyokohama, i didn't know which train to  change  yeah, and i missed the train i was supposed to go in.and i was like all panicked and stuff.  and so i got on to this other train and i went to this place i didn't know. soyeah.it's really sad. . .o k. yeah. it's saint valentine's day. .yeah, i already bought a chocolate and i'm planning to make a chocolate cakethis weekend.yeah. ..o k. thank you very much.