.. . i'm .yes..fine. pretty good.i live in  prefecture.. my nearest station is .yeah. in the  monorail line.yeah. it's very  urbanized town.but  it is a island which developed just recently. but   neighbor is  just a, you know, old town or downtown.so there are lot of shops. very traditional shops. and   there is one main road  which is called  tokai .so there are lot of shops along the road.yeah.   i love the place.yeah.yeah.. i'm married but i have no children.i'm married..   my wife also work for almost   same job. . no. different company.  she was my classmate in graduate school.yeah.so, yeah, she's the same age as me. about her.   yes. recently,  she's very busy working. so she usually  come back using the last train.yeah. sometimes,  she needs to hire the taxi..probably   she's  busier than me.. because i juse came back from englandso   my boss is now on vacation.so now i have  plenty of time    i feel  very relaxed.yeah. probably,  i have to   start working from monday.. that's when      he  come back.yeah. in these day, i'm in charge of  urbanly development project. which is very huge project and  it contains six buildings. actually,  it is a huge building  authorized by .and  which contains   six buildings such as office buildings, one hotel and one supermarket called .yeah. they are now under construction. that's what  i'm in charge of it.yeah.actually, i'm not  responsible for it.    i just work for it.yeah.i like it. yeah.why?     because i studied urban planning in my university. and  the work is very similar to what i was studying.but  what i don't like is that  there are lot of people who are involved in. so what  i'm in charge of is just very limited area.yeah. so i cannot see overview.  you know.yeah.... thanks.. now?o k.  it seems like   a scene of  classroom. probably, high school, i think. there are six students and one teacher.   she is teaching, i guess, mathematics. and  the student looks     some students are listening what the teacher say. but  there are  some student  who don't listen what the teacher says. and one student is  drinking and  one student  chewing the gum. and also two girls are talking each other without listening what the teacher says. and  yeah, it looks like a, yeah,   nasty school.yeah..i'm a high school student?. my high school is  probably  most of student are  i have to say but  usually  clever student, means they studied hard to enter university japanese university is hard to enter. so everyone is keen to study. so  i think  my school is totally differnt from this kind of  school. yeah.yeah.teacher?  . she's quite a bit young.younger than my teacher.and   probably,   she give up    she asking students  to keep silent so   she just teach without the  response from student. she just teach.because anyway,  .  no, she just have to teach.yeah.she look like that....i'm a customer?. o k.. hi.  i bought  this product  yesterday from you.but  when i came back home and  opened the package,  color is slightly different  from what i wanted. so     honestly,  could you change this product?.   shirt.a shirt.this blue shirt.i thought this is  light blue shirt but  it's actually  dark shirt.so it's too casual   for the company.yes. i tried that but  i didn't notice the  color is dark. probably,  it's due to the light.. but could you do that?.so what about just refund?. but .  i usually use this shop so if you think about that could you do that?i promise that  i'll buy   other shirt next time...so is there anything which you can do  except for refunding or changning this product?yes. please. actually, can i talk to your boss? i know him.yeah. really? so what about this?  i'll give you my business card.and   talk about this to your boss.so probably,  he will give you  advice.. yes. i have. yeah.  here is my receipt.yeah. no. not at all.i just opened the package.yeah. yeah. i can.   do you think  i'd better  call him directly? or   you will talk to him? yeah.. i'm afraid i cannot come tomorrow.because tomorrow is weekday.yeah. but    i will be available on saturday.. yeah.yes.yeah. thank you. i  appreciate you.yeah.thank you.  saturday..o k.similar experience? for what?  this situation?. sometime yes.   i bought a tapes.of beatles.and after  i went back home and  i try to listen but the tape is very old.so the quality of sound is terrible.but   i hadn't listen that so  i went to the shop againand i  try to them to change it.but at that time,  they didn't have a stock. so they just  gave me refund.yeah..... o k. .one day last week.o k.   one day last week,  ayako and  tomoko were planning to go driving    and hiking on the mountain near the river. so  they drove to the place and  where they  built the tent. and  they started to prepare for the dinner. suddenly it started raining. and   it getting heavier and heavier. so they finally gave up staying there at the night. so  they tried to   go back home but  then the storm has come. so anyway,  they  got on the car and   tried to back home but the  it was so heavy storm that  they couldn't go home directly. but on the way back to home, luckily, they found a hotel called "cosmo". so   they changed the plan and they have decided to stay there for one night. so finally,  luckily the hotel has a vacant room, so they could stay there. and finally   they took a rest  at the room of the hotel.yeah.yeah.yes.best memory?. i have a lot of friends.   i became friends with some people from of course england also greece, and  ireland, and  probably  you will be surprised from  rwanda.yeah.yeah. so yeah. i think  it is the best memory that i became friend with them.yeah.yes. because usually, they are different from japanese anyway.and   i became to know there are a lot of difference. but   the more of it i know them, the more   i became to understand them. of course they are different, but there are lot of similarities.yeah. .like? for example yeah. for example, english. of course  english looks very different from japanese. but  i think their  nature or their characteristic is very similar to japanese. they are very polite and discretelike japanese.yeah.when i noticed that, i was very glad. actually  my host motheris very kind and polite..  yeah.yeah.yeah.  i definitely..thank you... i hate to but i have to.  no. . my office is just one block away from here.yeah.. yes.thank you.