my name is ..nice to meet you, too.yes, it's a hot day like summer.yesterday,. yesterday, i cleaned up my house  because   last week   i had busy.. almost all days. hobby? myno.    my hobby is  take a walk with my dog.yes..  my dog is a female,  about two years old and  called  . . she is mixed  japanese dog. and she's   very kind of my cat.  i have a cat and dog in my house.  they are like, the  brother and sister.  yes.    they're run and   in the room.yes.  .. no. i live with my partner.yes.  and  cat and dog.yes, .. i'm an artist. i make objects by iron and clothes and  a lot of materials i used.. excuse me .. .   i started my job about fifteen years ago  but   i learned  at the school   i go my own road.yes.  . i think this room is   her rooms. and there is a  desk, chair,  stereo-set, bookshelf  and bed. and  the personal computer on the desk. and the typewriter next to the personal computer and the desk in front of the big window with curtain and  she sit the chair  in front of the  personal computer. and   she wearing green sweater and blue mini-skirt.   and .  i think not my favorite color is black or white.yes. you too .yes..   i want to use the computer for   design for my job but    i bought computer last month so     i can't use for design now. because    i use a   name the illustrator's software and illustrator's very difficult .yes.hi, this is . .       do you have a free time this saturday evening?. i'd like to go to the movie with you.o k?.       o k, .  the theater is near shibuya station,  i wait to  in front of the hachikomae  right?o k, and after that,  we have to  italian cook, right? do you like italian food?o k, and the italian restaurant is  at omotesandou.  . and   we show the movie .  after that, we take a taxi  about ten minutes  to italian restaurant in omotesandou.o k.see you.bye thank you.yes.. my favorite movie is     "angel's song".  it's very sensitive movie about nineteen seventy-five or seventy-six. . directors is vim wenders and the movie is     there is a lot of angels. they are   sitting next to the human. and   they listening to humans   in my mind voice.yes.  but human  can't see the angels.    the human can see the human.yes.. one day last week,  my father and i went to the new restaurant. and then   we were entrance and  the boys waited us.   and   he say  "good evening" . and then  my father and i sat  table. and the waitress  brought us the menu. and we choosed  fish steak and  maybe chicken?  and  i drank draft beer and my father drank  white wine. and    that's very nice dinner.   we talk each other . and we talk about we future  and then my father paid all. i happy.  and i say my father "thank you for dinner and see you later" i love father. difference?    my favorite restaurant is more dark  than that restaurant. and  more romantic  than  that one.. because  dark restaurant is   if i went to dark restaurant with my boyfriend,  and the  little candle on the table and  if i laughed and, but the restaurant is dark  he can't see my . .yes, i like cooking.. i often cook italian cook. .  i learned italian cook  at italian restaurant in . and i learned  in florence.i like italian cook..   i probably cook    pasta  with tomato sauce and inslato misto.  insalato misto means     it's salad with  seafood.yes.thank you very much.thank you.