. yes. i'm ready, but a little bit nervous.. yes. my name is .nice to meet you, too.. i live in  city.. it's good, really good because it's quiet. and we have a lot of greens.so i think it's good.o k. i have been teaching english to the students of junior and senior school.and  i have been working in one of the private schools in tokyo for about . and i think i like my job i like children.i really like to talk with them.yes, .i do have some difficulties, of course.o k. i'm in charge of the senior two students right now. and, when they were junior one students, one of my students   escaped from  her home .and    her parents didn't know where she was. and  that was the big problem.. we talked with her parents, and we talked with herself, too. but  we couldn't find any good solution. so she quit our school when she was in  junior three student.yes, it was.. that's one of the biggest problems i've got .so i sometimes    go to see  kabuki play or  concertsand  something like that.yeah.. first of all, the clothes of kabuki players are really really beautiful to see. and  i could be  immerse into the japanese old time.  . .  i don't remember it .. what do i usually do? i don't know,   because i don't always monitor myself. . sometimes, i listen to music.i love pop music and the rock music. so my favorite group is u two. i'm really glad to see the grammy award's results.. the lyrics of the songs are really  social ones. so  that's why i love them. and  the melody itself is appealing to me.. what do you mean? .    their melodies,  , let me do my work or . thank you..  the teacher is teaching mathematics to the students. but   very few students are listening to her. and one of the students is chewing a gum. and  the other student is   using cell phone. and  one of the boy students  is listening to music and drinking somethings. and two of the girls are chatting with each other, and they're not attending  class. .   but   the teacher doesn't seem to pay any attention to the students, i think. but only one boy student is eagerly  listening to her.  he's really  a studious student, maybe. i don't think her attitude  is good.because   probably she  is a little bit nervous, and,  probably her experience is not so  much. so she doesn't know how to control the students.so  she should get more experiences.  . probably,   in the very first lesson, i would ask the students  what kind of  mathematical points they're interested in. and,      probably, i will  get to hints to teach those kinds of students  by asking a lot of questions.role play?. o k.. yes, please.  . i bought   the suitin your store.and  i really   liked it,  when i bought it. but, once i  came back home, and i put on the suit, i didn't like it. so i would like you to exchange another one.. yes.    i didn't check any details when i bought it.    but you recommended it to me,  saying,  "it's really good suit.".so i bought it. but,  when i checked it at home,   size doesn't fit me well.also the zipper doesn't work well..    it doesn't work,  'cos  i couldn't close the zipper. .and also, the hem     isn't fit. .. i didn't know that. you didn't say that.. please call the other  clerk or the manager, please.o k. . could i make an appointment to see him?.o k. o k. .o k. i'll talk to him.thank you very much..  yeah. not myself, but one of my  friends. but i don't remember it .   yes, i have.in australia..  australian shops and japanese shops?  in any kinds?.  .  i can't think  any particular differences. .  . . the difference would be   the  sales persons. the japanese sales persons are eager to sell  anything.but   australian sales persons  don't feel like that.they seem   relaxing, and,  before pushing  the customers   to sell something,   they chat with the customers first.and,   first of all, they lets the customers relaxed and  pleased, and   free to talk anything. and, after that,  probably, the customers would ask  something they're looking for.and  then, the sales persons are ready to sell them..  do i have to name the person?.  . one day last week,  my brother  went to the station as usual around eight o'clock in the morning. and,  while he was waiting for the train to come, he dropped his bag   on the rail. and     he asked one of the passengers   who is also waiting for the train what  he could do. but the person  who was asked didn't know what to do.    but, next moment, as the train   arrive to the station, and  he was really afraid the train crashed his bag.  but, fortunately,   it was an express train, so  it didn't stop at the station, and it went through the station. so his bag was  safe. and he was really relieved to know that. and, after that, he asked one of the station's clerks. and   the person   fell down to the  rail and    got it back to him. at the moment, the  line, i think. that's a little bit awful.because, on the  line, we have a lot of accidents, especially suicide accidents. also, it's always crowded.  so i think it's a little bit awful nowadays.  .  it could have been helped. because he was on the way to his work. so    he didn't want to be bothered   with such kind of tiny thing.  he could have picked it up, but  that was not his obligation.you're welcome. thank you very much..yeah.no..yes.no.  line.from here.. .  line. i use  station. i can use  city bus.  city bus is a small bus.. one of the   bus lines.no.not really. the same .thank you very much.thank you.