 my name is .of course.nice to meet you, too.i'm fine, thanks. how are you?i'm  from . i live there.it's  just an apartment.   it's tiny.but    it's fine for now. it's o k.  my area is kind of  like a business part of a town, so it's kind of  boring. but  if i go to the  other section,then there are like lots of bookstores and  other stores.but  for fun, i usually go to a some place else. i  go to  my friend's house, i   go to see movies,  play pool, like, you know, shibuya or shinjuku, you know, one of those places.pretty much.  i got to know her when i was in the united states. and  she came back to japan about  five years ago. then  we kind of  you know, kept in touch  in a e-mail and stuff like that. and  after i  came back to japan last may, then we just started to just hang out.yeah, .i  lived in .      there're a lot of, you know, nature,  all in the places, forests and   hikingcourses. i live in a  city called . it's  capital  of . it's kind of a o k,  not too big.actually , i think, is kind of  well-known even to japanese people. and  it's kind of  probably like  half the size of  .i  started  teaching jobs and right now, i'm registered at a couple of different    agency to  send out lecturers.and i teach  japanese and english  on  different places.yeah. i would say   it's kind of both  you know,  in a different way.  as far as i can think of, there  isn't much except maybe when i teach english, i can be more logically explaining about it compared to japanese, where in some occasions,   we speak that way  kind of a way. so  i guess  teaching japanese is more instinctivethan english. however  i lived in united states about ten years, so it's almost equally   it's instinctive.o k.  this is winter.  a lot of people are enjoying probably  winter vacation on this mountain.  let's see. there's a couple people skiing and snowboarding. one guy just fell.  looks like there is this like a private ski school with two students and two instructors, i guess.  by the way, this  woman is passing by at the fallen guy and guess taking a look.  there's a ski lodge and there, two people are having cup of coffee or tea or something like that.  in far way, there's a  i don't know what it's called actually,    some vehicle to go through  a snowy weather. and there's a snowman . and there are four kids   what's that,  snow fighting or something. i forgot  what it's exactly called. and  on the  right top corner, there's a mountain. it's  somehow purple. it's not covered with snow. let's see. .  yeah, probably three, four times, i guess.yeah, i think it's very popular.  but nowadays, i think, snowboarding if getting more popular.but i never tried it, so i'm not sure   how fun it would be like..best point   ? getting away from the city life for a while and  it's kind of a, you know, getting in touch with nature or something. and also it usually involves with some physical activities, so   it's good for both  mind and body, i guess.and enjoy the scenery, . it can be very busy and stressful and   if you live in a city and work there, then   you need to take a break now and then. so that's what i meant what's  to get away from city life.o k.  my name is . i    participated in the  travel tour you advertised but   it's  different than my experience or what i did was different from the way you advertised.so i like   to get some explanation about it. and also i would like to get some compensation for the differences. for example,      hotel accommodations are supposed to be graded a but  we just ended up by in this shabby motel.no running water, shower, anything. and  no service available so  it's seemingly it couldn't have cost  more than one tenth of what you  charged. i did. but  they just insisted that  that's the place    your company has ordered. so   they just kept saying there was nothing they can do about it. all we can do is just  call the company.so  we couldn't do anything about it.  maybe  they just  gave it up or they didn't think it wasn't a big deal which  is strange to me. but   it was a big deal. so that's why i'm calling. that the one thing you can do is, i can ask for the  of     how much it'd cost to stay in that motel. then compare to the price you charged us,then  i would like a difference between the two.yes. and  in that case, could i have your name and a number  just in case?and  maybe if  it takes    longer than i think then maybe i could  call back.thank you very much. i look forward to your reply.thank you for your time.. actually when i was in the united states, i didn't do much traveling. so   just  maybe three, four times. and i just did it either on my own or with some of my friends.so i didn't  use any travel agency for the like accommodations. it was just a pure coincidence, more like.   first  i wasn't going to go to college, i was just going to go to the a english language study center just for the summer and  maybe more if  anything happens. then i was just looking through the  some guidebook for studying abroad in the united states. i was  thinking about going to the  or . then i just found two places, one in , one in . then  actually  i went to   when i was in high school,  eleventh grade. so i just  thought i try   . and  with a little research,  in that kind of circumstance, i'm like  jump-before-i-look kinda person. so  just did..o k.  one day last week,  this boy was walking down the street with  his girlfriend. and   it was raining.  they are just having fun, talking on the way back from shopping. then   what they didn't realize was that  there was this  small box  just by where they're walking past.  .  then the boy thought he heard something. and  his girlfriend was like, " what are you doing?". and he said, " i think i heard something.".  then they discovered that  the sound came from the box  they were just about to pass by. and   they decided   to see  what's inside.   the girl   opened the box and found a kitty inside  that  brought a smile to her face. and  she  picked her up.     the kitty was so cute that      she wanted to  keep her. so she ask him   "    can i take this cat?      she's gonna be so cute.". .  but   first the boy didn't like the idea, so he said, "no.". but  the girl didn't give up. so she just kept asking, "please, please, please can i have her? can i have her?". so even though he didn't exactly like the idea  at the beginning,   he  finally  gave up. so he told her that " o k.  you can keep the cat.".   that made her very happy. she  picked her up and     put her under the coat. and after that,   they and the cat are going home very happily in the rain..yeah, actually i do  yeah,  after this session.i'm going to .actually, this is a  private lesson.so i'm going to  go to this guy's place in   . like  he and his wife living in this  place called . it's like i have no idea how much .but  it  sure looks like quite a expensive to live.o k.you're welcome. and i enjoyed the conversation. i hope i .