 my name is .nice to meet you. i'm fine, but a little bit tired from my work.yeah.  tonight  not specially, but i hope i could be with my husband. yes. my husband has another plan so he told me in this morning he might not be able to with me tonight. but for relaxing and discussing about many things  i wish i could be with my husband tonight.  i live in .   is, i think, nice place to live 'cause many department and also many restaurants in . but on weekends, a lot of people visit  so   to be relaxed on weekends, i think   it's not good.. 'cause  actually     the apartment i live with my husband is owned by government. so the rent is cheaper than private apartment. so i choosed living there.yes.hobby?  i used to like swimming but recently i haven't go. more interest for me right now is   ballet.ballet . actually i have never learned ballet  i have looked ballet dance in t v or in  how can i say  in ,in japanese.i'm sorry.  in  in  in japanese.  but my friends really enjoy doing ballet so i got influenced from her. so   i have examined   several classfor ballet, right now.yes, i'd like to.'cause i think ballet makes  our body  look good. . i think i can  remove my stress. o k.. all right.  a lady is  sitting on the chair. and in front of a lady, there is a p c, and printer. but she is not looking at p c right now. she is looking at her cats   who is sleeping on a bed. she's also keeps dog but dog is sleeping on a floor.     the door of her room is open. and   what's else?   there is c d player so  she might listen to music right now. .  she seems to like animals 'cause she has cats and dog.   and that's it..yes, i have ferrets.. ferret is   .yes. they are very cute and it's easy to keep  in apartment 'cause they don't bark and also they hardly wake up.  moreover, they hardly eat.  so, even i'm late at night  or even i don't care about them, they can live by themselves. so, it's very good..yes, every day.so  but using computer makes my eye very tired.  so, but in the same time, i think, without p c, we cannot do  any work. so p c is necessary these days..the advantage, for example.  advantage. for example, like making these kinds of document   it's faster than writing. also it's looks better than writing by person. .. . o k.. yes. yes. i would like to go to new york by   quickest way.  how could i get a ticket? which is the quickest way and easiest way to go to new york? i need to go there immediately..express train. o k.   how much is it?fifty dollars. o k. and how long does it take?one and half hour. o k. then, i'll buy that.. . thank you.thank you very much. yes, i've been to the united states, seattle and i stayed there   no, for about nine months.yeah. but it was   no, seven years ago. and i didn't have enough money and also i wanted to   concentrate on my english study so .no, i didn't go the other area. i went to  e s l school. .  yes, e s l school..  actually i asked the organization like a l c and they recommend me going to seattle. i have never been to abroad so i just  listened to them. greatest. .  great experience. i think meeting  many kinds of people from many different countries was the greatest experience for me 'cause i could make lot of friend. i don't think i cannot make such many friend from many different country in japan. so, that was the greatest experience for me..thank you.o k.one to six?yes.o k. one day last week    maybe my father went to his work  as usually he does.  he goes to the station first, and on a platform, there are  many people. so unfortunately he dropped the bag on a rail  by being bumped by the other person. and  my father really got angry with the person  who  bumped him.  and   the things got worse. while  he was complained about dropping the bag on the rail to the person bumped him, the train came over and   his bag was hitted on the train. but    after the train passed by, he found out the bag was safe 'cause the bag fortunately was on the middle of the rail. so  the wheel of the train didn't  smash.what  could i say, didn't smash his bag. then, finally,   the staff in the    train station got his bag from the rail. and he could receive his own bag safely.yes..no, not specially, but i'm really scared about the accident  at shin okubo. yes.yes.  i was very sorried about two men who were trying to help drunk man and hitted by train 'cause   i don't know if i could do it if i were there. so they are very brave.   they have really good courage. and also  i admire them a lot. but     by watching t v    by watching the parents from korea by t v makes me really sad..made me really sad. . .i didn't know that. but they should. .. i think they should.o k. this weekend.  tomorrow, i'm going to take a test of driver's license. yeah.  i'm taking a driver's license right now. . 'cause  my husband has the license but he usually drink on the weekend so  i'm not comfortable sitting  beside him. so i thought if i could drive, it would be nicer. .thank you very much. thank you.