 my name is . yeah,  ..  nice to meet you, too.?  i'm very fine. because  i had good sleep yesterday. and  today's lesson is afternoon, so i had good sleep in the ...yeah. yeah,  but  today,  i got up at nine o'clock.and took a shower and washed clothes, and  wrote e-mail,after that,  i went to school.? yeah. . housework. yes, yeah. there is a many clothes.  it doesn't wash. is it very dirty.     socksor  pants and t-shirts. underwear  i washed. because  i live alonenow.so  there is no one to wash my clothes.    i come from .yeah,       i have lived in  for four years.yeah.  i'm a     senior student now..  yeah,  basically,   people  is a same as   people. but  people   speak very slowly.   life is very . ?? how slow?    the speed of walking is slowly.   and there are less cars  than ,so  people  don't have to hurry. yeah. this weekend? . usually. usually,    i played  mah-jong  with my friendon saturday or friday night.and on sunday, i usually   go to part-time jobin  city.yeah.? .    i worked in business hotelin  .it takes about thirty minutesfrom  station.i used  line.yeah. i work at  reception desk.. . . .yeah.  but it's a very small  so,     there are  not  so many work...?yeah. ? yes.yeah.yes. .yeah.    yeah.     sorry.    this is in the restaurant's picture. and   there are many customers   today on seven o'clock. so two people   ask to wine  to      sommelier and they don't know wine very much. so   he was asked  what wine is good. and    today is her birthday, so   he was planning to go this restaurant and     he was going to have dinner in this restaurant.  so    they began to   go to this restaurant,     so    they talked with each other   and asked wine. yeah.    in my hotel?  my hotel is very small, so there is no restaurantin the hotel.and there is a small cafeteria in my hotel.yeah. so i want to go such a  wonderful restaurant. yeah.yeah. kasion?   ?   i want to go there   in the case of  my friend birthday,or    memorial of graduation   the university.. .yeah, ..yeah.... yeah..yeah. o k, ..yeah.hello..   i'm  . i think   today is free, so i want to go to  movie theater. how about you?. , but yes,  tomorrow  is o k?how  weekend?  so      when are you free on  saturday?saturday's afternoon? so   i want to watch  "".? . it's o k?yeah,  and  where do you live now?? yeah,   in  line?yeah,  so,   how about  we  meeting in shinjuku station? ?    what time are you o k  to  get at shinjuku? two o'clock?  so the we'll meet at two o'clock in shinjuku station's  east exit. ?o k?   after movie,  do you have a  time?sure?  so    eat dinner with you..  and after that,  we decide  what restaurant   do we go.  . ..yeah. .yes.  thank you. see you later.. good-bye..  i went to  preview of "end of days".   last week's  on monday.? ? . "the end of days"? what is preview?how about? what is  ?.  i see, i see. preview is     the movie's   promotion activity,so there are  many people to see preview.   the movie has possibility to very famousafter that. .yeah. so  in this preview, arnold schwarzenegger  come to  place.and  he made a speech.. yeah. yeah,   but  we seated      very far from him.so  i watch him  very small. yeah.yeah.but very interesting..yeah.. yeah.yeah. last week, yeah. yeah, last week,       she think  what was dinner    on that day,  but she opened the fridge's door,  there   not things in the fridge. so  she had to  go to supermarket to buy something. and      she drove to supermarket and she got the car. and she entered the supermarket and she go around the supermarket to buy something. and  while  she was walking,  she thought,   what was dinner that day. and    there were many good things in this supermarket, so  she bought many things.  and after that, she went to cashier.and  after that,   she paid money.and   she went out of the supermarket.and       put the baggage into the car.and after that, she went back home.and  after    she got at the home,   she began to   cook dinner. and  she was cooking   sunny-side-up now..yeah.yeah. these days i began to cook by myself because      there is not money   now, so    self-cooking  save  money. .yeah,     i try to cook omelettethese days..  it's interesting to cook.yeah.yeah. .   i don't say yes. yeah. yeah, yeah, after that,   there is a lesson, in school of education.yeah, , i have to go soon. yeah. thank you very much.yeah,  i enjoyed, too. yeah. thank you very much.