.my name is .nice to meet you. it's very well, but   i'm little .yes. yes, i'm a freshman.yes.  i enjoy the training course for freshman.for example,  english conversation class or  small project.yes, i like it very much. yes, it had. .  i had studied english   especially in reading or writing skill, but now  i'm studying in conversation class. so  i know i had a poor conversation skill in english. so i'd like to study more  english in order to speak  fluently.i graduated from . i was a master course in this university.  so there were so many boy in the university. so i was a minority  in the university. so there were many different aspects for me. so one aspect is  inconvenience. but   now i think  it was a very good experience for me.i'm from  .yes.yes.  i have  father, mother and sister.yes.  my sister is two years older than me. and she is working for . but unfortunately,    she is in the hospital now because she had an operation.   so i go to the hospital to visit her  as often as possible.yes.   two ladies are chatting on the street.   he is running.    a dog is sleeping on the car.  the sun is shining.    a man who wearing the  glasses is reading a newspaper.    two boys are playing. two dogs are facing each other..  .  .. ..for me?    i'm sorry that  i don't know my neighborhood well so i can not  with this picture.because      everyday, i go out my home in the early morning, and return back home in the evening so very late. so i rarely  in the neighbor while sun is shining. yes, i like  this atmosphere very much.   i think    they are very friendly. .  and healthy. .yes.  i'd like to go  the new york by train as soon as possible. so please tell me what time  the train which is    the earliest train,   what time  does  the train leave?. how much is it?three hundred .how long does it take?one hour to new york from here. o k. so  please the second earliest one's information, .   in  local train,  how long does it take  by local train?three hours. and how much does it cost?eighty.eighty dollars. on what time does the local train leave?twenty minutes.  so i will take the ticket for super  express, please.yes..yes, i have. for example, new york,  los angeles, san francisco.but  in europe, swiss, france, italy.. so  norway is  in best memory place. i went there in  four years ago  during summer vacation. so in japan,  it's very hot in summer,  norway  is the north part of europe. so  it's not so hot  than cool in norway even   it was summer. so i bought a sweater in norway.  i realize the different of climate and culture. it's very impressive for me..o k..  one day last week,   she found  there were no food in her refrigerator. so she went shopping by car.  she bought so many foods in the supermarket.    she paid the money  to the cashier. and   she brought the foods to her home by car. and  she made a dinner. sometimesi can cook . both of my parents have been working. so my sister  have to cook by myself. yes, i hope so. . clothes?  i usually buy my clothes in .why? because there are many shops that is suitable for me.suitable?   i often go to  since i was a child.  so there are many shops which is well-known for me.yes..yes.yes. i'm very busy .thank you .