yes.  good afternoon.  my name is .yes.nice to meet you. .  i have caught a cold.    since last sunday. so, not so good. nobody. .  no.  i have wife.   she have work.so   i have to take care myself.  prefecture.  . about one and half hours. yes. quite long.train. just sleeping.my neighborhood..  my neighborhood.    i have no contact with my neighborhood, so i don't know  quite well. my town is    i think very busy  town.  a lot of people and car is busy, so, i think not so good to .. i'm a civil engineer and    i design for bridges.. sorry?yes.  i belong to  division.and i've been with  for eight years. since nineteen ninety four. and i'm a designer and design for mostly  foundation of bridges. and that's all.  good. ?     when i go to construction site   or a there's a  building or bridges which i designed.  that is my best.  i think that is very   good and  very interested in   designer.. my latest work is  bridge     where is in hokuriku.  now  building.  not completed yet..yes. very good.   great     i had a great nine weeksin england.yes.  my host family     i liked my host  family. when  weekend,  i go countryside walk with host family.and it was very   good time  for me.and also school,   we had monday through friday.  that is also  interesting for me.  and i think  i improved my english a little.yes.yes.      can i start? a girl is  in his room and  she has  a computer and also typewriter.    a cat is on the bed and dog is sleeping on the floor.     in the room there is a  big stereo.  and    she usually works in her room.   and    now the season is winter.      but the door is open so  a room is  a little cold.   no.  my  june, so   the season is   spring. and that's all.yes.  i like dog and cat.both.    i think dog is very friendly to  human.   so i think  i like dog    i like the dog's  behavior  to me.  speaking of cat,   there was a cat  in my host family in england. she also  friendly to me. so   i like cat for nine weeks.yes....yes.yes..hello.  excuse me  .   ? this is .hi. how are you? that's good.  by the way    by the way    i like to go to cinema with you. on this weekend. . how about your plan on this weekend?. that's so bad. then, how about   next week     in the evening? do you have time to go  cinema with me? what day is best day?saturday night.. that's good.o k.     what time can you  go?o k.then  let's go     the cinema starts from half past four.so  let's meet  four o'clock  shinjyuku station.yes. all right? at four o'clock.yes.  so   o k. then,  let's meet  in front of the alta  at four o'clock.and then,    go cinema by taxi from alta to  shinjyuku .  . o k?so     let's meet  next saturday.  four o'clock. in front of the alta. thank you very much. me, too.thank you.bye.yes.  there are a lot of cinema.yeah. i watched two cinema  in england.and one is "don't say a word".  that was  quite easy  for me.so i could understand the storythe whole story.so i was very pleased with that. but  another one,  i watched  "the lord of the rings"but .yeah. i want to watch again in japan.yes.yes..yes.yes. one day last week,  i went to restaurant  with my father.  and  my father     and  booked a restaurant    we sat  on the table.    we drank a beer and i ordered  fried fish. and my father  ordered  chicken. and .  we had a  great meal in the restaurant. and after we ate  enough,  my father  paid.   my father  also paid  for my  meal. and then,  i had  go back to go back to my house.    so  after  eating meal  i go back to my home and also my father go back to  his home. that's all.food.. i think  food was great  because my  host mother is teacher of cooking school.so i ate  various kind of food.  not only england  british  also  yeah, indian food  and sometimes chinese.so  i like  so  i ate   many kind of  i ate many kind of food in england.and  my host mother  made me  welsh  cake  called welsh cake.and  that was also very good. and  i   and  she told me  recipe of welsh cake.so i want to try  somedayin japan. .. no ...yes.i like   her meal. yes. i have to go back my office. no.   ten minutes by walk.so quite near..yes..once a month.yes.yes.. ... thanks.. .