good afternoon.my name is .nice meet you, too.sure.. fine, and bit cold.. actually, a kind of "yes and no". i don't like coldness, but  freshen you up.. i live in  city.. yes, it's nice city. nice and quiet.. it's like  foods are tasty. and a good food and cakes are delicious. i like  lots of attractions for a sightseeing. . .  i don't know. i like  mountainous sight where lots of a foreign style houses located, and  i like also .. yes, once in a while.yes, with my husband, yes.. my husband    was raised up in osaka. and he now works in osaka  company near here..  and he worked here for two years, and, before, he worked in tokyo for about five years. and  he's  very kind, yes, and supportive.yes. .. actually, i'm a currently housewife, but i study english at    for past two years.. and, before, i worked in tokyo for five years also.  because my husband assignment here,  i quit my job    foucussed on studying.. i don't know.  maybe, it's nice to understand   for other people's speaking. and, with english, you have lots of opportunities to learn many things in the world. so i got really interested in english,  when i was in  junior high school. and, in high school, i went  abroad for studying in canada and the united states.yes. and, then, i kind of continued studying, yes.i hope to become an interpreter, but  i don't know. it still seems a long way to go.in my free time,  i read books and listen to  news,  t v like c n n, b b c. and i like,  taking care of plants. and also, on weekends, i visit many places around kansai area..  most  of them are green.like, but simple flowers like tulips and pansies.no, in a veranda. i have a  containers.yes. . there is a  school classroom. and there are one teacher and several students. some of them are listening ,  what teacher explains, but some  looks like boring, chewing gums. and someone  busy in talking with each other, and some is seems like with headphone,  listening a music and drinking  something from a pet bottle. and  there  are two boys, no, three boys and three girls in the picture. and  window is open. and, from their cloth, they are wearing, the season seems  summer.. i think, in my school days,  people a little bit more serious . . but, yes,  it's very equal to days of my studying, yes.no, i didn't wear uniform.  my school was a  public school in tokyo, but they didn't have uniforms.yes. it's a free style school. .    things.. a kind of  because, in the morning, you don't have trouble of deciding which clothes to wear. it's very convenient.yes.. in my school days,  regular, normal,   ordinary clothes.yes.o k.o k, i'm ready.yes,   i said that i was  joined your  tour, and it advertised many things with   lots of gorgeous  services. but, when i actually experienced the tour, after the tour and during, and there were some  differences with your  advertisement and actual tour. and, maybe, i hope to be  compensated  in some kind of form.yes.yes, it was a cruise around the world. and  they said we could experience lots of   sightseeings without optional fee. but, actually,  the trip schedule was a little bit tight. and we have not much options to look out during our stay in the course. so, compared with your  advertisement , we cannot understand why the service was so poor and different with your original's plan.yes, we did. and tour conductor was suggesting we ask  tour agency for the problem afterwards, and they will  do something for us to compensate  their services... yes, but, because  we were so looking forward to this plan, this was our long awaited plan to  travel around  by ship. and we don't have  future prospects for next long vacation, yes.. o k.. yes. what done couldn't be done, so o k.o k. . the furthest place i went to is argentina. and, as i said i visited canada, united states, and  i've been to europe, too... one time i went to hong kong. and it was a tour, and i was taken to many places for shopping which i didn't wanted because i'm not a very shopping person. so,  from next time  i went to my own with my friends with free schedule.hong kong is very busy place, very asian. yes.thank you.one day last week, a couple was walking in the rain, so they are using umbrellas. and, when they went by,  electric pole, there was a box. and, inside, they hear something are crying. and, when a girl opened the box, she found a little kitten and seems like she is  willing to take the cat in care. but the boy is  rejecting her idea, saying, "no, no.". but, with  girl's  requests, and she is hard on  accepting the cat,  the boy's finally agreeing her. and,  after, they seems they are more closer than ever with kitten accepted. and they are only using one umbrella.no, i don't have.i studied abroad for three years.yes, and then,  in  university, some   courses were given in english. so i had to use english.. because, in abroad, especially in english speaking countries,  you will be able to learn some conversational english other than take a english in written style, so it's very   wonderful experience to learn actual english, yes.yes, it was very great. i had  met nice people, wonderful people.yes.. i have a meeting  ..thank you.yes, thank you very much for your time.