my name is .i'm tired because in my company,    from next september,we change our computer system.so i must prepare it. .?yes.  i work at  companyin .i'm a clerk.and i make documents everyday.yes.   it's routine work but my co-workersare very kind soi enjoy it.i live in  city,near  city,in  prefecture.   near my house,there are many    japanese pear   field... . it's not convenient. buthere are many green fields.so i .yes.i live with  my father and my mother.i'm a only child. she is a housewife.and she likes gardening. she take care flowerson our balcony everyday.yes. i like japanese flower arrangement.. usually  i practice it every thursday..  it's very interesting because  we show the space on the vases.. for example,  most tall flowersshows mountain,and second one is river, third one is village or trees and     water  in the flower vase,it shows seas.so   when it's rain,  water flow,and mountain to the seas.yes.  ..yes.  three couples enjoy their dinners. and  one of them,  the men is choosing wine. and his wife is looking forward his selections.  other two couples already have main dishes. and now, it's at seven o'clock. there are a big  clocks. and near here,  the woman is playing pianos.a little bit.     on my face and on my red is very red.and i feel so bad. so i can'tdrink    many.  see.  i like italian restaurant.there are in  cityin  prefecture.  they have many pizza and many pastasand very delicious desserts.so i like there.yes.yes.yes.yes. i want to go abroad. but i can't decide the place.soplease tell me your  favorite place..     it sounds good.so where  are there?southeast asia. . yeah.. for example, bali island and?sentosa? ..  i already went to there. please tell me  another island.. where is cebu island? what's country?. i haven't gonehawaii island.so please tell me about hawaii..  ..   what do i do  with optional tour?yes. i want to know  history of hawaii. so  do you have   the history tour?so  i want to go hawaii. so i decidethe tour.yes.yes.thank you.. it's very hot and  humid.     but  i enjoyed it. . . yeah.   i don't have special, nothing special. but    first time i  went singapore.so  i   enjoyed it.yes.yes.yes. one day last week,  i want to eat something. and i check in the fridge. but there are nothing. so i went to supermarket near my house by car. and i choose many, many things  in that super.  i   paid  at  and  i brought many things by myself.  after shopping, i went to go home straight. and i baked egg and  other foods.  it's important thing that     whether it's fresh or not.because it's rainy seasonnow ,  we take care our food,i think.yes.yeah.    i will go drinkingwith my classmates.yes. i don't knowthe place.but i think it's near here.thank you.thank you.