i'm .nice to meet you, too.no. i'm off today. so i read newspapers which i kept for one weeks because   my job was very busy last week..  i'm a telephone operator at airline reservation center.so, you know,    the airplane was destroyed in world trade centerin new york. so many customer  wanted to cancel our  international and domestic line... .i don't know,  but  news caster said  and     six thousand customer was cancelled.yes.yes.. after i read the newspaper,  i met a friend of mine    for worked at the same company seven years ago at ..  just talking.for  three or four hours. .   she and i love  bali island.and    she is on the staff of  at .so   she will take long vacation the beginning of october. so she told me, and she asked me   which hotel is the best in bali.so  we were talking about  bali's shopping and hotels.i recommended her  the hotel in .do you know ? is the north of bali island, one of the art village. art village.  has many art village. art, art village. for example,     i'm sorry, the people  resident from the village  us  bali dance or bali music, .or traditional instrument playing.   she's interested in bali dance for her health.so   she  try to dance.describe?it's one of fine day on sunday. .  . the childrens are playing with  with volleyball.  and,    sorry, the man who wear the  blue sweat is running for his health. and house wives are talking for long time. this dog wants to take a walk longer, but his owner forget it..  at .at the  line..  i don't know  very much because i'm from kobe. and i lived in    from last october.but i think      living in  is convenient for us because there are many supermarket and many park.and  it's easy to connect another train,  line or subway... hello, ..  will you go to the movie with me?how about "sen to chihiro"? do you know?yes. it's long  animation movies.    but very fantastic screen.. how about next sunday?o k.   we'll meet at three p m next sunday.. where do you live?. line?.. o k. can you come to shinjuku?o k, o k.  we'll meet at three p m  at the   shinjuku?  at the before the screen of alta.o k...yes.i love to.but     i haven't seen the movie since last october.?when i came to . there are many movie theater in .so i can't choose it."one day last week"? she noticed  now  the  freeze was  empty when she came back home.  so she drived a car by herself and went to supermarket.  .       and she bought many vegetable and meat  and some more. and  she carried shopping baggage to her car and went back home.  and she cooked dinner for her. that's all.. .because my husband changed the branch. ?change the branch   from  to , .. living in ,  there are  many news and many things in . so we can choose    among a lot of things.so,  when i came to  at first, i was surprised in shibuya. because    there were many people.and  many shops, but i couldn't choose.? sorry?kobe?.  kobe has a beautiful mountain and beautiful sea. we can see both mountain and sea.   and we can try  delicious food, especially chinese food.  i love china town in yokohama.  but  china town in kobe is smaller than  yokohama, but  they has a good quality.yeah. and cheaper than yokohama.yes.yes. i have to cook and pressing iron.i don't like house works..