my name is .me, too.. . i had a seminar today  at  .  do you know ?yes, and i'll be recruiting starting next year, so i just want to hear some people make sure about the company.. the place was held at  tokyo  international forum in  yurakucho. . it was a nice place  and hear the lecture, but it wasn't too interesting. . it was a rough description about the company, and also there were many   information that i already knew and also can easily find on the internet.  so it was maybe interesting for people who are not   interested or don't have any idea of what  is doing, but not for us.? yes. .compare to other universities,  i study economics   but  hardly we don't have to go to school    professors lecturing about their  very unique  curriculum. and instead, we just have to collect   friend's papers  to memorize before the terms... in one way, yes. because i can use     to do my part time job or  for instance, today go to seminars. so very useful if you have knowledge to use time enough .   have you heard from my teacher? she is . i deliver pizza at .  . sorry, it's not  if you like , but and right now it's christmas time, so i wear santa costume and deliver to  houses.yes.. it's probably the climate. climate, yes.for example, in the wintertime it's very cold so you have to wear  additional clothes in order to keep warm. and  in the rainy season,  wear your raincoats because  you will get soaked. and also in the summer time, you'll get suntan since the sunshine is very strong.yes.you're welcome.o k. . do i have to think or ?o k.  i think it's held during the summer time or  maybe  in a  hot place. and it should be arithmetic, and   not too many people are studying very well. it's sort of like .    some people are talking with each other. some people are gazing outside the window.  . they're making their e-mail. and also they're not  interested at all. but the teacher is trying to teach. i think she,  a young lady, very beautiful, is trying to teach, but i don't think she is into teaching because she is just looking at the blackboard. also the window is open, so some people could  look outside. maybe it could be hot, and there is no air conditioning. but the doors are closed, so it should be the air conditioning problem. .  the class is fairly small. maybe twelve to sixteen, fifteen. . since there is only three rows   inside on the side end.  . they are dressed very well. actually i went to all boys' school. we didn't have  girls there, and  also we didn't have women teachers. .. this is very sort of like junior high and elementary school because  you know, the students they are doing whatever they want. also they're not listening to the teacher, but that's similar to high school in my class because we didn't listen to teacher. but we didn't, you know, listen to music and use our mails and  watch outside and talk to our friends because you know the teacher was very strict. he'll get very angry.  it depends on the situation, the teacher. because  if he or she is just  hired to talk or just to teach, i don't care. but  if he or she is hired  to improve the class, you know, maybe i'll get  maybe  more aggressive. .aggressive. . first, see she's looking at the blackboard, not the students, so that's not communicating to students. and also  this is probably saying that she isn't aware of the class what the class is doing. so i think i would, you know, walk around the class and talk to the students more. to get more communication, and, you know,  try to get the students to study.o k. yes.  i actually teach i don't teach, but i coach kids swimming and basketball in my elementary school...o k.hello,  . this is . i really really wanted to go to your party, but, you know,  in some circumstances  i'm not able to go.  . you know,    i've told you before that i was  job recruiting, right? and  fortunately, i had a chance to talk to  superior at , which i really really wanted to go. yes. and so  if i miss that appointment, you know, it will be a big disadvantage for me to  start recruiting. so you know   i'm very sorry, but i probably can't go to your party. today?today? today?o k? . then, it's a whole different story. . i'm probably calling in advance. a couple days.hey, you know,   i was trying to call you earlier, but my superior whom i got a chance to call was so busy, and i couldn't catch him. so, you know,  i just got a phone from right now. and i was very pleased to talk to him. and i really really wanted to get this job, so maybe  if there is another party you have,  i'll surely like you invite me again. sorry about that. maybe    yeah  i was very pleased and honored to have this party, but, you know,    because , you know,  it's really the company i really wanted to go. so, you know,  you have to please sorry about that.. yes. sorry about that. bye-bye...in america, yes.yes. i was going to meet my friend. we're going to the movies, but, you know,   i thought i had my job off that day. but actually i didn't.  i had a job off, but  my colleague    he got ill, so he couldn't make his job. but he was on, and so i had to  go . i had to substitute him. and you know  i . he replace me sometimes, so i couldn't  try to get another person.   i had to substitute so i had to lie to my friend. .. you know,  i thought i had a day open today,  i had free, but    my store manager called me today, and he is like saying, "when are you coming?".  so i couldn't make it today. sorry about that. i treated him .. o k.  .  one day last week, as i was riding my   motorbike,   i had a call from my girlfriend, and we were talking about  our schedules    this week.   i was talking  this orange car ran into me. he tried to turn left, and he sort of overturned his car and bumped into   my right rear of the  bike. when we had crashed, we had a collision and my phone and my motorcycle got ripped. and we almost had a fight, but  in these kind of collisions we were supposed to call police and show them the traffic accident. so we had to call  the police, but  as you already know, my phone was  crashed so he had to call.  and after the policeman came to the place,  we had to tell  how we crashed and he was saying that i was on the phone. and he didn't say it was his fault because  after we go to talk to the insurance company, you know,   what the ratio the fault is he was trying to make me as the person who made the accident. but  i was going straight, and the car was turning left so i think the car was wrong. and  my bike got ripped so i couldn't go to school so i had jaf.  do you know jaf?  i had to call jaf and they took my bike to my nearby store, and that is why i was late to  school. i ride my bike to school.yes, yes. it's sort of like this, but  i wasn't using my phone.  it's just the same situation excluding the phone. i knew that i wasn't  you know, the victim.  i was actually  the person who got injured  so  all i had to do was ask   i had to wait for  the driver's insurance company to call myself and to go under how much he'll pay for my repair fee.. no, the insurance got very nice. keep  apologize for .yes.so that was o k.i think  you have to move if you are  caught a car accident, you move your car to the safe place so that the traffic won't get disturbed. and after that, you call the police,    and  tell whatever you are.  we got   a collision and the police will call you. he'll investigate.  he won't investigate, but  specialist of traffic accident will call him, and he'll  draw this map and stuff that you just have to report it. and that's the police and then   if you are on, you have to call your insurance company. and hopefully he'll call the insurance company. also and then they'll decide about  how to pay or.  if i am the victim, how i am going to pay, i'm going to use my money  or i'm going to use the insurance.after this i have school. the class that i must take.. i think i had a nice time, time-wise, not academic-wise.thank you.