 afternoon.my name is .yes.nice to meet you, too. fine, thank you. how about you?my family?  we have one grandmother, and my mother and my elder brother. my  grandmother  now live in kanagawa prefecture.   she is ninety-one years old, but she is now working. and my mother is live  near my grandmother's house, and she is fifty-nine years old. and      she is working in her company.   she is   small company's president. and my elder brother is working in my mother's company.  my  brother is twenty-seven years old,     now he is very busy. he has no holiday. everyday, he is working.my grandmother  is a, how can i say, president of school, .secret?   she has a  good .she always  angry with something. angry is very good for  keep her health.  she sometimes go walking  to the school by her foot.it's very good for her health.it takes around thirty minutes.. ?yes.   recently, my hobby is just sleeping.yes.  recently   i'm very busy,so,  every weekdays, i  go home around twelve.  .twelve midnight.sometimes, i cannot get the train, so i have to go by taxi.  lack of sleep .  i live in esaka city,  the north area of osaka. but very near from here, my company. it takes around   fifteen or twenty minutes by taxi.  on train, it takes around thirty minutes from door to my office.very near.     this is   this girl's  room.  there is one dog and one cat. cat is sitting on her bed.  . .   there is a personal computer on her desk and one typewriter.  now is a nine a m because there is a clock on the wall.  mention nine o'clock.    the stereo is on the shelf.  stereo has two speakers.  the door is opened.  now is  june .  there is a curtain. curtain color is orange.  .that's all.yes. computer is very useful. for example, e-mail or internet is  very good for my life.  if there is no computer, i cannot contact with  far friend easy.  now  some of my friend is live in the u s,  but  we can contact easily by e-mail. , very good for my life.yes...hello.  shall we go to see a movie?     please tell me your available day.this weekend? .it's fine. so      i will pick you up. so, when is the best time to go to your  house?so, o k, i will go to your house  eleven.at .  so i'll go by my car.so i'll pick you up.    i have no idea the recent  movies.do you have any idea? it's good.  i want to see.o k.yes.   it's better to go to umeda area.there are many movie theaters, so i will look for the movie which  plays "the ocean's eleven".   what do you think which is better, to go by car or by train?o k.  shall we go with car, my .yes. o'clock.see you... ..i sometimes   go to movies .i never go to umeda movie theater .i sometimes go to    not city,    the other area.. cinema complex? some big theater  out of osaka city.i don't know this is japanese-english .cinema complex  this kind of  movie theateris in the   .. .    no,  i forgot the name. .yes. it's  go.almost all cinema complex has   free parking. one day last week, i went to the restaurant with my father.   this restaurant is near my house. and this restaurant is very good restaurant.     the restaurant  was not so crowded. so we could  enter easily.   i ordered  fish and beer, and my father ordered  fried chicken and wine. we were talking about  my school or father's  job or something.  we spent a good time.   my father    treated me, then  i had  the other appointment, so i went to the other place. my father   went back to  our home..    i don't go to  restaurant with my father.father?brother?  recently, i came to osaka area,  i also did notgo to restaurant with my brother. sometimes i go back to my home.   have a dinner, but we don't go out for dinner.at home.with my family.yes.this weekend?    my friend  has a wedding party.. so we will attend the wedding party.  it will be held,   i forgot the name, taikoen?? know  of it, so i have to check the  map.yeah.thank you very much.