my name is .nice to meet you, too.what do you do? .i'm housewife.and also i do the part-time job. i am aerobics instructor.twice a week, i do that.it's interesting job for me. yes.  i   clean my house and do the  laundryand  of course make dinnerbreakfast. . difficult. recently, i usually do the .or the mix of vegetables and  fisheslike that.it's very simple.i like it very much.my hobby? my hobby is  do exercise. because i'm instructor.preparing lesson is very interesting.also  i sometimes make my music by myselfby p c.that's a interesting  preparation.of course, i listen to the musicevery day and choice my musicand make  my favorite c d.it's my hobby. and the other hobby is skiing.  twice or three times the year,  i go skiingwith my family.actually, i'm good at skiing.i've experienced over twenty years.  pardon?secret tips?. difficult. but   first of all you have to try and practice and practice. and  it's not dangerous sport. it's dangerous. but  if you do correctly, it's very  fantastic and exciting sport. i recommend you to do that.not yet.this is  my room.i'm sitting  on the chair. and this is my p c. and  one cat on the bed and one dog  on the floor. and the door is open now.and  i have one   audio . . yes. similar to my room. but my room is not so neat.  i'm messy.yes. for example,  i do for emailand make c d,and  of course internet surfing.like that.. if you do the some favorite c d yourselffirst of all, you have to have  some soft.for example,   "easy c d creator",  like that. and  hard to explain. but  you can use "easy c d creator"and put the c d       if you make that  second, you have to have   c d  r w.do you know the c d r w? and  choice that favorite music   for example  from net or  c d original c d.and choice your favorite songs. and con  the all of the c d to put into the new c d.ready.  i'd like to buy that kind of sweater.can i try  can  this sweater on?and try it. o k.     i like it.i'll take it.,  how much does it cost?.fifty thousand?that's o k. i'll take it.yes.. that's all.. but that's what i wanted.thank you.yes. i like shopping.but recently, i rarely go to buy sweater.because  i've already have a lot.i go to matsuya department store.because it's comfortable for me to buy.because i know everywhere matsuya department store.  i have gone there a much time.that is whyi know it very much.no.one day last week?i and my boyfriend   went down the street. and suddenly my boyfriend heard some noise. and i looked around there. .  i accidentally looked some pretty cat. and i hold it. and  i said i wanted to keep this cat to my boyfriend.   but   "it's impossible," he said.  but i  tried to explain and recommend to have this cat to my house.    lastly  he said o k. and i and my boyfriend   hold to my house.no.no.i'm not going to keep my pets.because i don't like keep animalsin my houseor near my house.why?  i don't like animals like pets.yes. i have one child and one husband . my child is now  my mother's house recently, i've moved to near here.but  he didn't want to change his primary school.that's the reason why my son is now my mother's room. he lives in  now.but maybe one year later, he will come  with my housebecause  he will be junior high school.   no.   my child is  .smaller than he.and  that's all.. i am going to go to the restaurant to have dinner. my husband.maybe near here. i've not decided yet.yes. i often go to restaurant with my husband.o k.