right.my name is .nice to meet you.i'm all right. thanks. . yeah. at three,  i finished my class. and actually later i went to the hospital.because i wasn't feeling  and i got a injection, so now i'm feeling better.  i had three classes. and then in the morning, i had bilingual education, which is from the professor .and then second was,  what did i have?  the speech class. and then i heard that  my friends making a speech. and then the last one i just finished was the seminar for the applied linguistics. usually,    i work after school.so like twice or three times a week, i go to   not office but school, and others,  i stay in library maybe, and study.o k.    before i'm a transfer student to . then before that,  i worked  as a english conversation teacher. and now i work for two schools. actually  i'm not supposed to tell anybody this. in fact,     i am a student now, but  they told me not to tell    to students, because they might think that  " i'm learning from the student." so  i should keep it confidential but maybe it's o k to tell you... i've worked for like seven years as a  english conversation teacher.and i got  so many questions. and i was pretty much interested in the second language acquisition. and i've taught for seven years and then during that time i always wanted to be taught.and i wanted somebody to teach me. so then i took the transfer examination  no, two years ago. and then fortunately i could pass. a student here. at first i thought my parents would  not agree with my idea. but actually my father and mother, they were pretty happy about my decision.and they even  offered to me support for the like  tuitions for   the rent, because my hometown is  and i moved to  to become a student. but they were pretty happy about it. and my brother and sisters too.they even helped me to find my apartment weekends.. .i used to live in the  .   it's near  station. about fifteen minutes drive. and  is  pretty comfortable place to live, i think, because  if you wanna go shopping, there is  not big but  some department stores in the city center.and  if you wanna go skiing or hiking or go to beach, if you drive like half hour or one hour, you can go there.o k.   it's  maybe a girl's room. and   sorry,  there is  one girl and two pets, one cat and  one dog. the cat is sleeping on the bed. door is half open. and then  maybe the girl is using the computer now. and the dog is sleeping, i think. i can't see his face. and in her room, there is a personal computer, typewriter, her bed, and then the music component and some books. i think there is a telephone as  and then the calendar on the wall. a one big window. and then clock is hanging on the wall.yep.o k.   maybe mine's  quite similar to hers.  but one big difference is that my computer is a lap-top  maybe desk-top. and  i don't have any pets. i wish i could but   the  landlady doesn't allow us to have a pet.   instead i have  three plants in my room and i named them. they are  kind of my pets. so other stuffs are pretty close, i think. . yes.  actually it was my father's present. became a student again, and that was my father's present for me.  room,   because i live in a apartment, the place is pretty limited.  so when i don't use the computer, i usually put it on the shelf. and when i use it, i open it on my desk.i don't need much .yep.o k.o k.o k.hello?   this is .. actually, i'm calling because  i am not able to come to your party this weekend. i feel really sorry about that.  i'm  .    my grandmother's been really sick recently and she really wants me to come back to my hometown. so i have to see her this weekend. and so i'm not gonna make it for your party.  i'm coming back maybe on monday, so i'm really sorry. but  maybe next time,  i can come to your party. ? i'm really sorry.yes. really? i'm    i feel really bad for that.  i'm sorry. ?? right. yes. that's true.  i'm sorry, but i really have to come back for my grandmother and i hope you understand and everybody does, too..  then  maybe  i'll come on monday. how's that? but i'm sorry, but  o k,    i'll call everybody. personally  i'll make a phone call to everybody and apologize. i try to cancel the food, but if i can't, i'll pay for that.? yes. i will..yes, i will. i promise.thank you very much.. bye.o k. , but yeah. maybe the next  week. because there will be christmas and then  season. so i will have some parties. yes.actually  after this, i'm going to seminar drinking . we're meeting at six o'clock at the  north gate of   the . and  thirteen of us are having drinking party.thirteen. so .actually this time, this is our first and maybe the last. and then the one of the boy  suggested to have a party and he organized everything.so last week  he made a questionnaire and we chose the food we want to eat. so  he organized everything and we just circled the food we want to eat.and it's actually the  turkish food. this is my first time to eat the turkish.so i'm pretty much excited about that..all of them?o k.last week.o k.so   do i have time to think or should i just start?.    one day last week,  jane and her friend decided to go on a picnic. they packed everything for camping and they even brought a game to it. and  they arrived at the camping site.  set up the tent and even started cooking. after a while, but it started raining. and they decided to go back.   no,  they tried to put everything into the car, but actually the tent was blown off. and they just managed to get into the car.  so they decided to go home. while they were driving, they found  one hotel called   cosmos. they decided to  stay there. and fortunately, they could have a room in that hotel, so decided to stay in the hotel. and  next morning, they found that the weather was really good and then the scenery from the hotel room was really beautiful. they were happy about that.free time.free time. i wish i could have more free time. but   i read books, magazines, i call my friends, and most of the time, maybe i go net surfing.sorry? i use my computer and try to see, like i don't subscribe any newspapers or magazines, because i'm afraid of the people coming to my room and  collect money. and so i decided to read newspaper  through the internet. so i see the titles of the news and usually   i feel interested in, i check that news and try to read it. and others like checking the latest movies or shopping information.something like that.yes. before i had  more free time, but i was kind of busy, too. but   i used to work from tuesday to saturday, so on saturday night after work, i usually got together with my friends and used to go to and often to  and maybe once or twice a month, we stayed up till morning. and then in the morning, we used to catch the first train to go home. so  for the week we are kind of stressed out, so we used to go out on saturday night. that's the way when we were stressed out. but now i'm not so much stressed out, because i'm doing what i want to do. and i keep my job because i really wanted to do.  if i could have more free time, i would be really happy. but i think it's really good to be busy. i want to keep myself busy, so  i like the way i am now. and i like the what i used to be.so  happy about that.stress? i personally not like going camping or that kind of stuff, because i feel really uncomfortable sleeping outside and cooking outside.  i'm not so much attracted to that kind of outdoor things. instead i prefer like seeing movies or   watching t v or going shopping with my friends.that's the ,  but if they like doing that, i think it's really good.maybe depends on people.yes. starts at maybe six-thirty. ..thank you .bye.