good morning..  my name is . . .good morning.yeah. fine thank you, and you? humid. . i have   no choice.. i have no choice, but  i try to go outfor walking.because i think  sweating is better to my health... usually, i go out once a day  for about thirty minutes to one hour.yes. . after that, i usually take a shower.    so i feel very relaxing.i  live  in   district of  ward.as you know  ward is  located in southern part of .  is, i can say,  typical residential area  near the   river. so i can enjoy nice view of .almost every day, especially in the morning, over the  river. walking.  i  go out for walking  usually on the bank of the  because there are a lot of   greenish space, not crowded.  so  i could  walk.on the bank of the river.. i live   with my wife. there is only two people because    only daughter married  yeah, seven years ago..   she is  sixty-two years old. . i think she is a typical housewife. she hasn't have  any job outside. but    she has controlled to watch over the household.    so she  likes  travel especially overseas.so   traveling overseas i have to do everything. . so  i   always complain. yes..so  this is a not usual  school because   there are many kind of  people. young girl   and also the middle aged.  man and woman.  and also, it is school    or something like  culture or life-long education. so i think   it's very difficult for teacher   to control the classroom because   middle-aged person cannot follow the study. and  some ladies is chatting each other. so   on the board, some   mathematics. very  difficult to know clearly what kind of school. maybe  some culture school..yeah. so she has to ask  students to follow the rules. . as a student, otherwise  she can ask them to go out classroom. otherwise   near good students can not study, so she has to severe for the rules. and  sometimes, she has to prepare some disciplineto that  troublesome students. yes. still i remember..yeah.  i'm not sure  the present situation. . but  sometimes, i  heard any kind of troubles. so  i think  this is quite different because  in my school days,  we have to follow the rules. and  we  respect the teacher. . i used to be scolded by teacher. but  this also,   good experience for me. but, nowadays, school  is in a chaos. some boy cannot sit in the  studies. and also, some are  all the students.even some violence  the class room. so,   .  ministry of education have to proceed   how to  improve the school education for the many kinds of person from many fields .yes..yes, i do.yes.yes.. thank you very much for your kind invitation. . but   i'm very sorry, but i cannot  go to your party because   my wife      fainted this morning. and  i have to  send her hospital  to stay  hospital   to wait.sorry.  because  i'm in a panic. so,  i'm sorry.  i'm late to call you.. thank you for your , but  please   regards my apology to your guest. and   someday, i'd like    to see you. and also, i'd like to send a letter to your guests..yes.yes.  sometimes.   i  experience. so   this is a big trouble because   i have no choice in this case. . yes.   they had to. but,  maybe,   .they were not so happy.so,  sometimes, i also   confused   which was  more important. so one way is i  left my wife to the hospitalto the doctor, and i should go to the party,because of the  many kind of  situation. ...short story.so  this two  person is   on the way back  to their home.  they came to  see the some  cats is left  in the box. so  the girl insisted to bring back   to  take care of this cat. but  this  boy,    he didn't agree with her. but   she strongly insisted  to bring back and take care. so, maybe, he  compromised. so  they decided to bring up this cat to their house.. at the moment,   i haven't .but, the last time, because i like  dog and cats. so   i had a dog, beagle, during my   younger days.yes. . he was  too  strong. and the problem is he was howls.howls . so   he  only  accept my order.even my fathercouldn't control him. so, finally, we    give him association ..today?i'm going to   back home.  before i  get home,  probably, i drop at the book store to buy some books.yeah.yes.i love  books  historical novel and  some report or paper on  mountain climbing..thank you.thank you for your nice advice.