good morning.. yes. my name is ... yeah. fine, thank you. how are you?i'm from .. i came here by  train and   subway.yes. i live with my mom.about my mom? yeah. o k.  . she's a very cheerful person. and  she makes a pottery. and  she cooks very well. and that's  i can't stop   . she has many friends, and she likes  chatting with her friends..profession? no. .   that's her hobby.my hobby  is ...    because i like .and,  when i was a high school student, i  was belonged to  club..  then,   after i quit my working, i started to practice .marshal arts? .  . good point? i like the atmosphere. it's very polite, and, yeah, of course, mentor is very good marshal arts player. but he never says he is good or respect me or something like that. he's always humble. i like that atmosphere.two years. actually, now i'm a student. because i wanna be a interpreter in my future.so, yeah, it's kind of my  training  season .. because i was impressed by one person.. he is a interpreter, and then,  yeah, one day, i went to one symposium.at that time,  mister,  then, prime minister nakasone was the speaker. when i  listened to his lecture, i didn't understand at all. but, through his interpretation, i completely understood what he's saying. i was so impressed, it's amazing., i thought, "yeah,  i want to try that.". it's very amazing.. o k. can i start?o k. . one girl is sitting on a chair. and she's doing homework.  she   she has two pets. a dog and a cat. a cat is sleeping on her bed.  the  dog  is relaxing   beside its cat.  .   she is very tired of doing her homework, so, now, she just relaxing.  that's all.yes.. o k. . this room is  larger than  mine. my room is four-and-half  mat size.    and  my p c is not like this kind of desktop style. my p c is  notebook style. .  and my room is not so .  is so messy.    and then, i usually  wear neatly like her in my room. i  always wear, like very  relaxing  clothes...  i usually do  my homework,  sending e-mail, enjoy  internet.  . but,  almost for my homework and working.. homework?i write a reportor a presentation.now, i'm working  at home.. i have to   send my   working by e-mail.so,  making a report.o k.. excuse me. i have .i bought this camera today. but i don't think  it's good. so i want   return it   if i can.really? but,  yeah, actually, it was on sale.   but   it's not so good. i mean  too bad,   worse than i  expected. so  i do really want to return it to you.yeah, i know. but it doesn't have a flash.   i can't use it without the flash.yeah, i know. but  you didn't mention  it doesn't have a flash.  so  i  can't deny that it's  my fault.. no. just  i saw the explanation card.yeah, yeah, of course, i opened the box. then, i read the explanation card, and then, i knew   it doesn't have a flash. so  i can't use it. so  i didn't use it. really?how much is it?five thousand? so it means i can buy one more camera. right? no, i don't think so. very much.o k.yeah. i love it.. . i don't think so. because  i'm very  penny pincher.so i always check everything  even if they are on sale.and then, i don't use a credit card.so  i don't remember that i had  kind of troubles in my shopping. i hate it.   because i want pay at the time. so i'm not  anything later.just   it's  for me to see the receipt one or two months after i bought something. no.  like it.o k. o k. yeah.one day last week, a guy drove a car.  and, at the same time, the other guy  was   on the scooter. and he is  talking with  her girlfriend on a cell phone. suddenly,   the scooter's guy dropped his cell phone onto  the  car. and    he complained  about  "   you broke my scooter.". but    a man  driving in a car complained  against to  him. it's his fault, because he was  driving his scooter talking  on the phone. and police officer checked the situation. and, actually, it was,   i mean,  on the scooter guy's fault.    truck brought his scooter away.  .  yeah. .no. i don't have a driver 's license.because i don't need a car.i use train, bus. so, why ?yes.. yes. it's very convenient.so   i don't feel   anything bothering  me. so  that's fine.yes.. yes.i don't drive, so  i , exactly what's going on.but  almost everybody says so. maybe, it's true, i think.o k.this afternoon?   i'm  going to go to osaka, umeda to buy  books.. maybe, stephen king's or jack .i love it.thank you very much.