because i'm not sure why i am  chosen the candidates of this test. . yeah.  yeah. my name is ..nice to meet you.i'm well, but i'm very busy. because i have to prepare  for the charts for the visitors from  europe. .so now, i'm busy.yeah.yeah.  i really enjoy it. but sometimes a little bit  hard to  for me.yeah. english. because we have to prepare  everything   in english. but i'm not good at english, so  i often use dictionaries. look at  words.??job? travel?.    several times.yeah..trouble? ?not travel. i'm sorry.  especially  when visitor comes to the office and  ask something   but sometimes the pronunciation of  them is quite difficult  to understand. . that time,    i'm very  hard  to communicate.yeah.now?  i mean, i live in  kodaira. you know?it's very close to saitama prefecture..kodaira?  kodaira    is located in the     no, west part of tokyo,and close to saitama prefecture and have a lot of nature..yeah.  very far from shibuya. i take   trains.but i have to change trains  three times.. yeah. but it takes about one hour and a half. so  so far . . always listen to music,and read novels,yeah, and  sometimes newspapers,magazines. sleep. novelist? you know   mariko koike? she is a   naoki ,   what do you say in english?o k? and writher and   she's very  good at  describing the feeling of people..what  book?book? ?. . these days,  "" .so,  is it o k  to speak    english title??  japanese title. know the japanese title.o k? .    it's  very  exciting  story,and cannot  help  stopping to read.it's very exciting.yeah...yeah.describe? .   it's must be  the scene of restaurant. yeah, and      not so young couples are selecting the wine. and sommelier shows   the man to the   label of bottle.and    the    customer,tasting the wine. and probably  he likes it. . and  he likes it.. this not enough? anything else?   the girl over there plays the piano.probably classic music. and this restaurant,  probably, is for young  couples.and there is no  family customers there. .but i think probably  it's  holiday.because  it's seven o'clock in the evening.so quite early for having dinner..yeah..  in my case,  probably i  wear    chick dress,    no, no, no, long dress and    brilliant accessories. and  make up myself  well, much better than today.     and with  special smile. . yeah.so sorry.   i'm not good at  describing something.yeah. role-play. .. easy one, please. yes. yes.i'm  friend.  .o k. . .yes. this is ..how are you? fine. so  if you have a time   this weekend,why don't we   go to see movies ?really?so   how about saturday?o k? so what time  it is available for you?three o'clock. o k. so now, i'm looking at the magazines.and   movie starts four o'clock. so about three. so why don't we   meet together at three-thirty?o k?and  what place is good for you? .starbucks?o k. so     in starbucks  which is located in front of shibuya station.o k.so o k. shibuya. how do you come to the shibuya?inogashira line. so o k. i'll take j r line, because  as you know,    i live in kodaira..o k? . so i'm looking forward to seeing you,on  saturday.thank you.see you. .movie? love story. because exciting movie is  too much exciting for me. i like love story. because   it can be seen  ..?  . "ever after". "ever after", you know?  it's  a movie   which is the same situation of  cinderella story. and drew barrymore plays the     main character of the movie.and   it's  you know, it's a happy end story.so i really love it.yeah.yeah.. very  good movie.  please see it.     you can  rental it, rental video . yeah. tsutaya. yeah..yes.one day last week..one to six. yeah. . . can i set the specific day like,last monday?o k.  last sunday, when i  woke up in the afternoon,   because i got hungry.but  when i  looked at the refrigerator, i cannot find anything to eat. so i went to supermarket by car  and got a lot of stuffs to eat, especially snacks. then,   i really like  and eggs, so      of course i didn't forget to buy them. then i  came to the cashier and paid money   for buying them. and  put the stuffs which i  bought into the bags. then i   picked them into the car. then i  came back to home. then i made   no,   sunny side-up egg  while  boiling the water.yes. sometimes. sometimes. specialties? .     honestly,  i hardly cook. my favorite cook is  making cakes.american cakes. because  i can make it  easily with using  one bowl. put flour, eggs and vanilla essence and sugar and then mix it.  and   to the cake   cake  maker.and   put it to the oven. ..  my mother  taught me  how to   make cakes... .yeah. i really like her.. .   i have to do the  presentation charts,for overseas. .yeah.thank you very much.