 my name is . meet you ..    .    you mean,  my home?   i come from .yes. .   i walked to the station as just a few minutes walk  from my home. and i got a  line, and i change the train at the  station   from  line to  line, and i got a  line and i got off at a  station and i took the bus. yeah.    it's a kind of suburb.yes. so there's a many condominiums. and,   at first,   it planned. so, the first, the roads  were built.so it's very  neat.   i don't know how to say, but it's a neat.. i have lived  there for  more than fifteen years.yes.  i have  two boys and a husband. so all my family members are four. my elder son is a  college student, and my younger one is a    student of a cram school.i hope so.  . i'm interested in  green plants, and  i like a herb. so i'm learning about herbs.no. . i live in a condominium, so i don't have any garden. but i have many pots in my balcony.  yeah.  but, now, it's a winter season. so a little bit   to sorry for the  green plants  it's too cold for them..       i think it's   to keep the green plants  vividly. sometimes, i forgot  to water them, so, sometimes,   they died. ..yeah,  yes. .  the girl in this room  seems to like a computer,   and,  yeah,  i think     she is neat, and her room is a very clean.   and  even though she has two pets a dog and cat, but the room is still clean.  . and,       yes,    what should i describe? ..  if someone who has pets   keep their room clean,  i think it's o k.  otherwise   if  he or she     doesn't have enough maintainance,    it would be very unclean.so,  depends on  a  personality..hello.  ?,  i would like    to watch a movie  "the sixth sense".  would you like to go with me?o k. let's go together..   when would you like to go?so, o k. let's go this saturday.where  shall we meet?. . o k.     let's meet  just in front of the big box near  at noon.. shall we have a lunch together?. do you know   where is the theater?.o k. . shall we go to ginza?o k. so,   o k, let's take the  tozai line and  go to ginza and have lunch  in ginza.o k. so, see you   on saturday noon. o k. see you. sometimes...  my friends are usually middle aged, so,  sometimes, we took   like a town-watching.. last week, my friends i went to a asakusabashi, and we went to some japanese paper shop. it's a very traditional shop. they have a long history, and we went to a some wholesaler. and we droped so many  shops. it was fun.. yes. i bought  a several  pieces of japanese paper for new year's decoration.yeah.. i use it     for the sheet  for the . i bought a red and white paper.? yeah,  i hope so.. one day,  a women went  for shopping  to the department store.   she wanted to buy   a present   for her husband. and     she chose the necktie for her husband. and   she select a  yellow dot on a green  tie. and she asked the salesclerk  to wrap it as a gift.   and,   after finishing  to buy a present, she wanted to buy something for herself.   she asked the salesclerk, "where is the women's department?". and he said, "it's the third floor.". so  she went there       by stairways.. not yet..  yes,  i will. .  if i  buy something  which he doesn't like it,  it's a kind of a trash.. it would be a kind of trash. so   it's a kind of waste. so   he likes some wine or something. it's consumable, so i'm going to buy  some wine or champagne.   we can consume.   anyway,   if i select  wine,   he would drink. so it will disappear. so it's o k., if he doesn't like it,   we have to keep it. so  i live in a condominium, so we don't have enough space to keep   something we  don't want. so i'd like  some to consumable..yes.yes i do.   .  when  i arrived at home, it would be  around six o'clock. so it's little bit late. so i'm going to cook a simple one.thank you.