my name is ..o k. how are you?i live in . ..yes.o k. then i will tell you about my family. i have a husband. and a son.   he will be  the  second grade this spring.about my son.   he's the only child.  i guess he tends to be pretty selfish when he's at home.and i don't know,  i guess  he is a happy person and he likes to play baseball.play soccer.and he likes . not particularly but i try to go to gymand  you know,   .yeah.    i go and  workout and do exercise like twice a week.and i started about like   a half year ago..i guess one of the reasons is  i can choose it in  own time. have to go to like the  exact time.sorry.on weekends,  i spend most of the time with my son.  and i have some lessons.  and i teach at home. but while i'm teaching,   my son goes to   . and  that's saturdays. on sundays,   he's in the little league, you know, baseball team.so i take him down to the to play . yeah.yes, i do. i guess there are lot  difficulties.  one is  children, some of them are not  you know, as interested in as english as in adults.they have to   more motivated. .  they come to  english lessons because they want to learn,  but  not all the children are.    i'm trying  not teach but,  you know, give them a good  atmosphere.that english is not like learning or studying but more enjoyable to do.. o k.o k.   i guess it's a italian or french restaurant.  there are three  table settings. i will talk about the one in the middle.   there are man and woman sitting. and man is wearing yellow  suit. and the woman is wearing a pink dress with pearl  necklace and earrings.  i guess they just     started out with a wine.    the man   works at the restaurant, he is serving some wine.  i guess, let's see. there's a woman playing the piano   behind the table.  and then there's a huge clock  that's showing the time. it's seven o'clock. i guess it's   evening. what else? . .about myself?  the one that's really enjoyable for me, going out, you know, to have dinner is that i don't have to cook i have a husband and a son. i have to cook everyday. but when i go to restaurant, i don't have to cook. that's the most enjoyable .and other stuff,  some of the food that they serve,  you cannot really, you know, cook at home, like chinese. or fancy italian, french, something that really hard to cook. . i cannot remember the last time we went. let's see.  maybe couple of weeks ago.and  on weekendsto italian, yeah, spaghetti, pizza.yes, in the beginning. but   like i said, he's only seven years old and he likes to run around, you know.so  every time we go to restaurant, i bring  like toys. .and  recently he likes to draw pictures. so   if i remember, i bring some, you know, color pencils drawing stuff , we get him shut up keep quiet.o k.o k.hello, . this is .. how are you?good.  i had to tell that    this coming weekend, for   .but some other thing came up..i cannot make it.no. i know i was really  looking forward to it. you know,  my relatives are coming over to tokyo.  yeah, and staying for a week.  they decided like yesterday. and they phone me  last night.and  i told them that  i had a party on this coming saturday so    ,  then i will be gone. but they said that       they wanted to go ball game on saturday night.  they didn't know how to go to that   stadium. so they wanted me to  take them to .that's true. but  it's like yokohama stadium   it would take like  couple hours.and the ball game  starts seven-thirty.  but . really?maybe i can make it but   i don't know. i know i cannot promise.i know that. .o k. i will try to  go to your place like after the ball games.so it will be like  eleven or twelve. o k?. you're .o k. bye-bye.c'tch.o k. yes, i do.or we do.  let's see. most of the people are   related to my son's friends.my son's friends' fathers and mothers.  let's see.  like  some occasion, events like christmas, halloween,i invite them.or new years even.     i don't particularly cook. but  when we make arrangement,   i will tell my son's friends' mothers to bring some dish, you know,  to have  style.?o k. one day last week,   is it o k to start with a lady?? o k.    i see a woman at the   on entrance of department store.      she's getting a green tie   i think  for her  husband or father's  birthday gift. and  i guess   she decided she would buy  that green tie. and    she is paying or   she bought it. then   i'm not sure  after she got the tie,    she got to the shoes section. and she saw the sign that says  sale, thirty percent off.  and then i don't know if she got the shoes or not. but      she's at the  how do you call it, ladies  clothing, you know, section     the sign says fifty percent off. . and  i just noticed that   she's getting more stuff. she's bringing, you know, more paper  bags. and she finally got out of the department store..for my son.  it was   as christmas present..  yeah, it's march, right? yeah. three months ago.merry christmas .   actually, my husband always picks thepresent. but    since three years ago,  my husband decided that he would pick an  musical instrument.and this year or last year's christmas, he got a  the small  keyboardfor him.. he's a musician.  musician.so i guess   he wants his son to be a musician, too. i don't know which .he's becoming interested inpicking some notes and playing.we'll see.   ten, twenty years later. .o k.yes. a lot.. a lot of stuff to do.just twice a week....