my name is .yes.nice to meet you.yes. i'm fine, thank you.yes.  i'm belong to literature  department,    i'm in a first year, so i study everything.   basic  study. .   i like the education study.     education study is    like a psychology. very interesting. i'm live in .and i'm born in .  in . yes. no,   i haven't. i want to go to italy.because i like italian culture, opera, and food, . i don't know italian fashion .      i don't think about .yes. i have a one sister.a little sister. she is in junior high school. , she belong to  club., she is  not strong, but she likes .    she doesn't resemble to me, i think.. but  she is .. she is a little, and    her experience is   my experience of past, when i see her, it's very interesting.. i don't like sports.       yes. while i was a child,i played soccer with my friend.yes.   but,   recently,  i don't sports anything.yes. yes.yes.   there is a many room, and   one fine day,  girl plays on her house garden and her dog and the other dog talked anything.   children play in the garden and housewives talk about something on the road.    on the other side, one man is reading a newspaperon the bench.and  on the pavement, one man jogging.  probably, that is   sunday afternoon.no.     that is maybe in   country.there is a  very big garden. yes. i want to  house which have a garden.no.yes. hello? this is . ?i'm fine, thank you.and,      how about go to movie with me?   what time is good for you? yes. .  when is good for you? o k.   sunday saturday?yes.  on saturday, the movie is  in afternoon, o k? what time is it good for you? yes. and  that movie is in shibuya or shinjuku. which do you like one? yes. me, too.so,   how about lunch? yes? so,      let's meet on shibuya at lunch time.good?.o k.. i want to see "elizabeth". do you like one?..me, too. . yes. i like movie very much. ,  i saw the "buffalo sixty-six" on shibuya.that is very cute movie.yes.. . there is in christina ricci and vincent gallo, at last, gallo  change her character and he became happy., he look like very very happy and cute..  .  when i choose movie, i read the leaflet of movie, or   read a magazine.and,   most my favorite movie is beautiful movie,so   i see the picture of movie i decide it.yes.one day last week,  ken called  his girlfriend  and said,  " how about go to zoo with me?".  and she said "o k," so  he drived his car, and he put up her, and they went to zoo.  they looked many animals, and his girlfriend like lion very much.and ken likes monkeybecause "that is very pretty," he said. and  they saw lion and monkey and so on,and they enjoyed very much.and they went to home..  i like zoo, too. but i like      play land like a disney land.   i like disney land . i went to disney land on last summer.. that day,  there are not many people.so   we rode many many rides,and    without waiting,so we were .. yes.  little expensive but i like that very much, so   i go to disney land on early morning. i play till  late.  i'll go to class of education studying, then, i'll go to french class,and i went to home.thank you..