good morning.my name is .nice to meet you. i'm   i'm very well but a little  a little nervous.  yes,  very busy. .   i'm  working for  corporation but finance department and  i'm accountant in my company., yes  i like my job  because i work for a long time. yes.weekend?  i usually   i usually go shopping near my house.anything  sometimes   i do  gardening., yes.  i plant  many flowers and  i'm  looking forward to  growing their flowers... good season.i live in   which locate is  southern osaka. it takes   about fifteen minutes from here. yes. , i have  one  i have my husband. only  two members.my husband   he is very  and honest and   he is fifty years old but he looks so  young.younger than his age.  and he works at the electrical company.  he is very busy, too. so he  comes  home  about  ten or eleven o'clock everyday.. very busy. now, especially very busy.now. yeah.     yes.,  yes.   last week,     we went out  to see the musical and go out dinner.yeah. yes. i do.  this is  picture of restaurant.     many people in this picture. they are  enjoying dinner at this restaurant.  there are  three round tables  and  they are sitting in    one table is sitting   one couples   and     there is a piano   near the entrance and  there is a big clock  next to the piano.  one couple  is   enjoying red wines and  the gentleman is tasting the wine.   he is wearing the  yellow suits and   the lady is    wearing the one piece    with necklace and  .  the other couple is enjoying the    beef steak. i think so.o k. yeah. i like.,  i like  especially italian restaurant. italian foods is very nice.and  i like wine so  i enjoys  wine and italian foods., yes.. , yeah.o k.hello. i'd like to new york. how will get  new york     what train  can i ride?how long  does it take to new york by  express?three hours. , how much  does it cost?fifty dollars. one way ticket?o k.  i will take it.express train..  what will it start?two thirty. .  o k. two thirty.o k. .  one ticket ., non-smoking, please.non-smoking area.  o k. then smoking area, do you have?o k. i'll take it.o k., i pay by cash.thank you very much.thank you very much.. yes. i often travel. i like    france.france,  yeah. france because   france there is many beautiful place and  i went to southern france. it's very nice,  it's warm and  it's  nature is very nice so i like.,  is not so like  because   they don't speak english.  they speak  only french so i can't understand them. yes.  yes. when  i went to a  department store and i pay  by japanese yen, but   they say something but   i couldn't understand them so i couldn't pay by japanese yen. so  i paid french franc..   yes.  sometime i want again..  last week, i went to the department store to buy  something to present for my husband. my husband's  birthday is  in march so   i was thinking about to present for him some neckties.      i went the corner of   gentleman's  booth to sell  and      i was asking for the clerk  to choose some neckties.  he showed me "how about    this neckties?" like a green color   with paisley. yeah.  i thought  it's good for him so i decided to buy it and   i asked  the clerk  to wrap  with ribbon  and    i paid ten thousand yen. it's little expensive for me but that's o k.  and   i got the necktie and then  the department  had a final sale so i  want something for me so i  go upstairs for lady's floor and   i'm looking something for me.  the shoes are final sale,   thirty percent off .   i'm checking but i didn't buy them and there, i went to the   lady's   casual wear's floors and   they had a sale    five percent off so      i checked the nice sweater and   i want it and i'm checking    other wears but i wanted   this one so  i decided to buy it and  i have many  bags  bringing and     i went home.in the future.     i like to watch the      so    i'm   go to the museum.