good morning.. my name is .yes.nice to meet you. i'm really  sick because i caught a cold last sunday.. i was  companyyesterday.?yes, yes.?about myself?  i work  in a legal division for  the trading company.  so i check a  draft,  many kind of contracts. and i sometimes deal with some claim on  other companies and sometimes consumers. mainly, that .and  i like   gamble,  horse racing and mah-jongg, you know??  i like sports, too. i belong to tennis club of our company, and  i will go skiing  next weekend...  when  i was in a dormitory  for students  in my university days, i learned mah-jongg.   some of the senior  students in the dormitory taught me. and also,  the horse racing,  i learned from them... good friends.  from university?  most of them are in tokyo i graduated  university and graduate school in tokyo. so, in osaka, i don't have so much friends  from university, just a few of them. so i miss them .yeah.   last april, i came to osaka    to work   osaka legal department. it was my first time to come .how do you like?   i like.  i think   there is not so big difference from   osaka and tokyo. is  a little bit smaller than tokyo, it also  big cityand convenient.. to tell the truth, tokyo....  this is the ski . . many people are enjoying skiing.  some children are   playing with   snowballs,   yeah.  maybe, this is  nagano prefecture because there're a lot of snow.   i think this  ski  is on a high mountain.  and  i have never been to the ski  around the, how can i say, kansai district.  i always   ski  around kanto prefecture like nagano prefecture.  . yes. yeah.  one boy with black wear and black   ski board is  crashing.  and  i think this  is not so popular because  although     on the , there are many people, but on the lift   there is no one. so  i think it's not so popular .  on the , how can i say, cottage, i can see couple drinking some hot drinks, coffee or coco     resting or waiting for lunch ....salt lake city?  actually,   i haven't watched  olympic game on . ,not so muchbecause  i don't watch t v so much in   ordinary days...  yes.  i imaginesalt lake's  is bigger than nagano.   i just  imaginesalt lake city is colder than nagano.i think so.best?      i've been to some  ski  in tohoku prefecture to   hokuriku district.    i forgot   some of the name, but   i remember that the   zao  was broad.and the snow was powder snow.and there was many interesting course. so i think zao is    one of the best . ...o k.yes.hello.   this is  speaking.hi. i have to say  i'm sorry because  i can't go to the dinner party that   i was supposed to go. i'm very sorry about that,  but   i'll have to work on the saturday, the day your party will be held.  a special kind of work    was brought to mesuddenly.    and  only i can deal with   the work,  so i must work on the saturday..at that time. so, yeah,   yeah,    the work  was suddenly  to me.so  i didn't have time  even  to call to you.so i'm sorry. so, next time, if you will hold  dinner party,please invite me again..o k. i'll promise.thank you.bye. sometimes.yes, i like.in tokyo?. i'm new employee, so  i started working last april.soon, i came osaka last april. so,   from start point, i work in osaka.yes...one day last week,    i met  my uncle   in front of   a restaurant.    i hadn't    seen him for a long time, and he invited me to  have  lunch with him.  of course,  i said, "yes.". and we entered the restaurant.   and, in the restaurant,    we took a table   immediately, and we ordered some  meat lunch. .  it was saturday.   although  it was daytime, but we could enjoy beer and wine. i enjoyed beer, and  my uncle enjoyed wine with  eating meat and fish.  i ate fish and the fish was very good.  after enjoying the lunch,   my uncle treated me.  i was very touched by  the lunch, and enjoyed the lunch with him.     after   having gone out the restaurant, we said, "good-bye.". and     i went back home.  i like family restaurant. do you know restaurant? because  i worked in family restaurant .almost everyday, i ate  meal in family restaurant.yes.  i ..    even now, i like family restaurant because    i ate the  meals in family for a long time.and   i can relax family restaurant...yes, i like spring.? no,     i don't have any problem about,  i don't know,  how to say, the powder ofplants.but some of my colleague in my departmentis suffering from .yes.   allergy... .thank you.