my name is .nice to meet you, too.yes.  i'm now a  graduate school student. and i study about education in japan. especially english education.   i'm now thinking about becoming  english teacher in japan or japanese teacher in foreign countries. and  now i especially study about  japanese junior high school students' english.yeah. i'm interested in the  textbook  that is used in junior high school.yes.yeah.   there're five people in my family.   mother, grandmother and younger brother and younger sister. and  the day before  last year,  my father died  because of stomach cancer. .yeah.  i'm happy to live with  her. but there're  lots of problems between  and  my grandmother.. so my mother  has  tried to get along with her for a long time. but she always fail.  because my grandmother's personality and my mother's one  are completely different.  i can understand my mother's feeling very well.  my grandmother is   very conservative..  yeah, so,i know the problem. and  i can enjoy to play. in my free time? three hours..very excited.anything o k? .  there is a big house   in front of this picture. and  there are three children  playing    in a park  around the house. and  a man is running. and  another man is reading a newspaper on a bench.  and there is a taxi in front of the house. and  by the taxi,  there are  two woman  who are speaking together. and   one of them  is with a dog.  and  two children are playing  with ball  by the house. and there are  many trees  in a garden. o k.   where i live   is surrounded  a lot of houses. but in this picture, the house is surrounded a lots of tree. and  the house has a big garden. but  i don't have a big garden in my house.  and there are not so many children in my house..   a very narrow street and very loud.yeah. because now,  in front of my house,   new building is built,  and always very noisy. in the evening, no trouble.o k.o k.hello. this is . hi.  sorry,   i'm invited to go to your dinner party.but,  i caught a  terrible cold.and now i have    very high,   sorry, i can't speak well, because i'm really sick.  so today i can't go. but i can't move now.  i'm trying to call now.   that's all i can do now. i think so, but  my body is very  bad condition. yeah.   so maybe next time, i want to go. so next time, please call me.yeah. i know. but today   is the first time that i  had such terrible cold. and  i don't know what to do now  by myself. and maybe i can't go.i'm very sorry. but maybe if i go there,     i will not eat. yeah. so  maybe next time.thank you. i'm sorry..thank you.thank you.bye. no. yes. ..    a cafe.    so i only had two parties in cafe. so  i don't know another  party's  form. so i always go to  cafe. my  friend's birthday party. .  and   she used cafe for us, and     her friends brought presents to her.   . o k.so one day last week, i went to a department store  because i wanted to find my husband's birthday present. and i found a   good tie for my husband, and i bought it. then i found   nice shoes  that was sold very cheap and i bought it.  and after that, i also  found very cheap  clothes, and  i bought it, too. and i came back to my home.  on valentine day,  i bought  five chocolate,  to my friends. .    one is my best friend.   he sometimes  teaches me  french.and so i found a very good one for him.  special   comparing other four.  big and . yeah. and   i gave chocolates to them. . other four is,   ,  in japanese.  but my friends  were very surprised    and said, "thank you very much." to me. . no. but maybe  they will give me something. i'm looking forward to it.  i think it is o k. but  only giving something from me  is more o k because i don't expect to get something from them. because i want to show    my  thanks feeling to them. so, yeah.just i    want to have them. .  today, i have part-time job. so    i'm going to  the place that i teach.no. japanese.  today japanese. junior high school students.  to japanese  junior high school students, i like teach english. .yeah. because,   for me, it is o k to teach  english grammar  not speaking. yeah. but,  to teach japanese is very difficult for me because  i didn't study about how to teach japanese to junior high school students. so i'm trying to a lot of things.yeah, some students nice but the others  are very naughty.  thank you. thank you.