. good afternoon.my name is .yeah, sure. i'm very fine, thank you. ?. it's o k  as long as i stay inside. .. usually  from my house,i go to the station  with my husband with his driving, so i don't get  rain. then from   station to my office,always they have   the roofs  all the way. so usually i don't have   any troublewith raining.o k. right now, i am in  departmentwhich are to  the all  the new schools.and for that, we have  a lot of documents that we have to  file.so i do that.and also we get many phone calls from  like construction companies  and   shopping centers.and usually i take  all the phones, and  take the message.  but  my most favorite one  in my department is   sending the newsletters about the oversea schools to all the schools in japan. like more than fine hundreds schools in japan,i  kind of makenewsletters,  get information from overseas schools,and i can introduce that our company has  this great network. and  i'm very happy that many people readthat letter.difficulties. .no, i just enjoy it.yeah, i'm just enjoying making it.so no difficulties. because usually if i ask something to  our overseas schools' managers, they usually respond me very  quickly so i can  get information easily. sometimes when i don't have any  responses,i just   collect information from the  internet,  the other websites,then i read books, and then i just try to get the pictures only from the schools and i write everything  by myself.it's fun also.. i will  send e-mail again,and i try to find somebody else at school, too.  usually managers are always  busy, .so i try to get somebody  very close to .yeah.sometimes,yes.sometimes nothing.. . then i read books and then i ask somebody else here,    who has beento that school.yeah..o k.o k.   it's sunny day. and  this is  a residence area. and i can see a big house and two dogs are in front of the house and two kids are playing balls. and  one girl is enjoying the jumping rope. and there is one car  on the street in front of the house. and a cat is sleeping on it. and two women are talking on the street. one of them has a dog. and there is a man  jogging on the street. and also across the house,  one man is reading  newspaper, sitting on the bench. and all of them look very happy.yes..  this area, i think  the people living there have more money than we do because that it's a big house and also they have a big yard.  but my area,  many houses, and the street is not big like this. and  more houses in  the small space. and let's see, this is  the day time, right? but usually i leave house in the morning, and i come home late. and usually on the weekend,   my husband and i try to go somewhere else.so i can't imagine    my neighborhood  in daytime.so  it looks very different.you're welcome.o k.o k..yes.hi, this is  speaking. how are you? , i am very sorry i couldn't come to the party yesterday. my husband had a very high fever, and   i couldn't leave him alone.so how was the party? i am sorry i couldn't call you earlier, but  i had to take my husband to the hospital.and i just   forgot about, you know,  giving you      the phone that  i couldn't come. i am really, really sorry. but     i promise  i will come to the next party.really?. surprise party?   my god. . yes. i don't know somehow  he couldn't get up. then  i just thought it's like  you know, he's having a regular cold. but when i touched his  forehead,  it was so hot.and then we checked his  temperature, and that was very high. and   he couldn't almost walk so  i drove   him to the hospital. but  he is getting better, but he is  still in the hospital..yeah. i'm sorry. but  where is tanaka  now? is he back to kyushu??then  i will call him. o k.  i'm really sorry again, and talk to later.thank you very much..sure. something important,party.  usually i attend  the parties, and i can't just remember.i don't think i have.in japan, no. i like inviting people.yeah.. food.yeah. . i usually cook every night, but only for two people. so  always, you know, small portion. then not many kinds.but i really like cooking a lot.so when  i have  like four or five people, i just cook  like the two kinds of salad and main, and  the drinks  are my husband's part. he likes fixing cocktails. so many different kind of drinks. and also a dessert.and i try to make everything from the beginning.,  sometimes if i  find a very,very nice  bakery, then i get  like a special cakes from that bakery. then, you know,  serve them to my friends. but usually  i like cooking dessert from the beginning, too.. they are very nice, so , "very good, very good."..o k.one day last week,   just a moment, ken and mary were going home. and it was raining, but  they enjoyed walking because they had  new umbrellas.  while  they were walking, they heard  a kitty crying. and they found a box. and mary opened the box. and there was a very, very cute cat, and he was very, very cold and hungry. she asked him that, "can i keep him?". but the ken said, " i don't know because our apartment  owner doesn't allow that  the keeping the any animals.". "but please look at him, he's so cute and very cold.". and then ken said, "o k,  how about just  keeping him one or two nights  until he gets o k?". then the both of them  agreed. and they took a cat and they went home. but the mary was thinking, not only one or two days,   that she was thinking probably ken will let her  keep the cat forever.  that was her  thinking that ken didn't know. that's all..o k.this coming weekend,  i am going back my hometown to see my parents.yeah. that's because  the recently,  ana and jal, they offered like  bargain  air tickets.and you have to make a reservation, you know, very early. you can get very good offer, and it's very cheap. so i decided to see my parents. . and sundays. also i will see my sisters.yeah. so i got a lot of christmas candiesyesterday..  yeah, to my sisters and my parents   but mostly,  i wanted to  see my nephews. why.. you, too.o k.