 my name is . yes. fine, thank you very much. how about you?, yes. my work is to support  customers.   actually, the customer report some problems or questions to ask.  and my work is to answer these problems or questions. .yes.  some questions or some problems are very difficult. and somes are , of course, easy.yes.i usually go home straight because i have a son. and he is very small, so i must return home. yes. i let him have   foods, for example, breakfast,  dinner. and i take a bath with him and sleep together, yes, of course. various kinds. and mainly  something and rice.. why rice?   there is no special reason, but    my wife eats rice, so everyday  there are rice,  we give him. and  sometimes, of course, we  let him have  breads  and fruits, of course.  fruits, every day and some other foods.. it's not far. i live in , so    it takes less than one hour to come this company, from the home.yes.yes. it's on   and, if you go to   ,   its locates the west side of tokyo. so it's next to  and . so  is at  outside of . and the east side of , there is . . and  flows along the .  i thought so, but   recently i don't think so, because there goes    and  so many cars and the air is very polluted, so it's not good place. .    it looks  that many trees or many woods are there, but actually the air is not so good.. .  i think this is in a restaurant. and  a man and a lady are going to have   dinner, yes. it's seven o'clocks. and  now they began to drink wine. .  the man is tasting the wine, i think.anything else? and  i can look another two tables.  each table,  there are a man and lady  at each table.. and  there is a piano. a lady is  playing the piano.  i don't know what she is playing, . .   yes. .   actually, i used to go to restaurants before. now, the baby is small, so we can't go restaurant so often.. yes.. we celebrate the birthday in our house.    i bought cake for him and my wife cook  dinner   with more money than usual.  . i think the  is different between the house and the restaurants.. i myself don't care about the difference. and  i think it is easier to celebrate his birthday in the house  because we can relax and my son can . .yes.   o k. ..hello, this is . .  how are you?.  are you free    next saturday afternoon?shall we go to movie, if you have a time?good. o k. . the movie's name is "lord of the ring". have you heard of that?.  so let's meet at shinjuku.  do you know the police box in  west exit? let's meet there at   two o'clock  in the afternoon. how about this?good?. thank you.thank you very much.bye-bye. i like watching t vs. i like sports t v programs,    specially soccer games and baseball games. recently,  i can watch many major league baseball games.. because ichiro went   major league baseball. so n h k  shows the m l b games almost every day.. i think it's the speed.speed of game and speed of players. and power.  second is power, i think. ..last week? make a story?. . one day last week,     i see. .  a girl went to a department store last week, and she went to  men's clothes section at first. and she bought a tie. maybe   husband's birthday or her boyfriend's birthday. and she paid the money.  and next, she went to   sales corner. thirty percent off. and she watched shoes. . and next, she went to another section. it's a also sales corner. and this time, fifty percent off. she watched the clothes. i don't know she bought  clothes or shoes. and, anyway, she left the department with many  shopping bags.. yes, sometimes. i don't remember. i'm sorry. yes. . it's before the son was born, so i don't remember. so nearly   more than one year ago or so.so .     i and my wife  were very busy with the child, so we could not think about buying presents to each other. yes. there is no busiest season.but   now, i have two many questions and .so i'm busy now..thank you very much.