 my name is .nice to meet you.   right now.but   the weather is fine, so i guess i'll be fine, too. i live in .  .yes..  i have two sisters.  one of them lives in .she works there.the other sister lives  with me.she goes to .and  they are twenty-five years old and twenty-two .. that's about it. my hobbies are basketball and soccer  and i deejay at  clubs in .. to make the club happy and i just want them to have fun when they come to the clubs.  i just like the atmosphere of the clubs..  that's all.yeah. it's pretty difficult to do. but i've been deejaying for about almost three years now.so i kind of got used to it. when i was around twelve or thirteen years old, i used to listen to a lot of hip-hop music.and i like the scratching sound. and i just like the music,  the entire hip-hop.so one day, i just wanted to be a hip-hop deejay.and that's how i got into it.i play basketball about twice a week.and i haven't played soccer for a long time since last summer.but  i've been playing soccer since i was five.and  i was on the basketball team when i used to live in the states,  state.so i play both sports. .   i think none of the students are listening to the teacher. and  one of them is drinking and listening to music. . the other one is playing her cellular phone. . there are two girls talking to each other.   and only one of them is listening to the teacher. he's taking notes.and  there is this boy who is chewing his gum. yeah.   . it's a bad class. but it seems to be a nice class to me.. sort of. but i was the one taking notes. . what else? . that's about it.. i think it's a math class though. let's see.   gym class.'cause . and   it was just a class to have fun. and   the other classes were sort of just listening to the teacher.but in gym classes, you get   actually participate in the class. so that's the reason that i liked gym class. i didn't like math . i was bad at math..o k. . .no? .  just read?yes.hi. this is . i'm very   tell you  that i cannot go to your party tonight.   i have a  very bad fever.and  seems like  i can't even get up out of bed.so       please invite me to your next party.yes. i guess i'll be fine  later.  no, i did not.   . please tell them that i'm really sorry that i couldn't be there.  i hope i can see you guys next time when i get better.  i don't know what to do. i'm just sick so badly.     please tell tony that i'm really, really sorry.  it's just a really bad fever that i'm having right now.. i don't know what to .thanks. you very much.thank you.bye.yes. i like parties.  let's see.  i like  home party. any kind of party. drinking, just having fun. so  i like all kinds of party.a party?no. no.  not really..  i'm going to prepare a lot of beer, music, a lot of crackers, food.   what else?   other stuff...o k.    any name is fine for these ?   one day last week, kyoko and  norie  prepared for the  camping.   they camped  by a river.  made their own food.  and then, it  started to rain. and the raining got worse. so they had to clean up and get back into their car.  and  at the end, they stay at a hotel. so they couldn't camp at all. yeah.it's fine.last time i camped was about four years ago. it was a    field trip for  . we stayed only one night    at this camping place.  we made our own fire.and  we stayed up all night long talking about a lot of stuff.we also played soccer, a lot of quiz games. so i had fun..?  they could've watched the  weather channel, the day before they  were going to the camp. that way, they'd know that it would eventually rain in the day.  so just watch weather channel.tomorrow? tomorrow is a no-school day. just gonna sleep .my,major is  economics.yeah. it's fine.why? .   i was good in economics,in high school. and  i like   summarizing the economic data into the computer.and it's the twenty-first century now. so i wanted to learn about economics using computer.so that's how i got interested in it..yes. she is fine.. the day that  airplane crash happened, she was sleeping.and she saw on the news that  all happened..  she lives in , so it's pretty close to the world trade center. so she was kind of scared. but   it's getting better now. she works in the newspaper company. so all those   are, like being delivered to the newspaper,companies. . .right.thank you very much.