 my name is . meet you, too.i'm fine, thank you. ?yeah, it is, .. i like to dance. i'm in school's dance club. i dance.yeah.we practice ,during lunch, after school and in the morning.yeah.i dance with so many songs   like  japanese popand american pop and jazz,and rock.yes.i'm not sure. i just started it, so. .yeah.because it was really new to me. danced  in my life.so, yeah, i thought it's really nice to start new things.yeah. o k. should i say her name too? .yeah.  she's really good at dancing.i think she started dancing about like two or three years ago. so she's really good jazz dancer, . she's really nice to me and like nice to all the people around her.so yeah,  everybody admires her.. family.  i have a sister, sister. she just graduated high schoolin the u. s.and she came back. and  she applied to some colleges and, yeah, so she got into one college, so  she's been studying all day.yeah.yeah,  i was.  around  .you know, near .about four years. yeah.it was great. i actually like it better there. yeah. more freedom andi liked the school system.you know.we could take like any class you want.you could choose  your own schedule and stuff.so i think it was in a .o k.o k. i think it's a  mathematic class. actually  only one person listening to the teacher but others are just playing around,, e-mailing, wondering around, and talking to each other.   sunny day. yeah. .it's really  diverse. american, asian, i don't know,so many races.more?here?the class was so much smaller teacher could teach individually,ask questions.yeah. i think, yeah, people study more .i don't know. i never seen like people sleeping in a class.. .yeah. i was really surprised when i came like four months ago or five.yeah.in the u s?? we would just .we just leave them alone.some teachers say just "wake up," but others, no, they don't really care, i think. i don't know, they just  go on or they just don't notice that because   they're busy like teaching or, i don't know.teachers. . in  here, i think,   almost all the teachers  teach the same way, kind of. they just read the textbook and follow the textbook. u s,  like all the teacher teach like differently.or different stuff even though there're like class names, "history" or like "american history" likethere are like five teachers working.but like all the teachers saying like differently, like, i don't know, all the tests are different.but here, like everyone take the like exactly the same test, soit's really different.o k.sure.  i made a reservation for the train .but i was too late to  catch the train so can i change the ticket? .sure.yes. ..   or can i have my money back? . make a new one?  . it's hard.   all right. can i change the ticket with a ?how come? .the traffic. the yeah.you know, it's raining so  the huge traffic, so i couldn't get on time. so it's not really .and  the train came fast. really, kind of. didn't it?  didn't the train come earlier ? yeah,    but my grandmother  and    what, my brother called me.so i had to talk to him about some stuff about my grandmother. so i couldn't leave my house early.so can i please ??can i wait?or can i ? no, it's .yes.o k. i'll .. not really.yeah.yes, .    . i've never taken the train in the u s. we didn't need it yeah, i don't see it. so when i came here and when i realized that i had to take a train to go to  school,   it took me like an hour to go to school.and i couldn't believe how long it  to go to like some place to the other. yeah, because when i was in the u s, it only took me like fifteen minutes  with a car, so that was really surprising. the japanese trains are like  it's too crowded in the morning ..it's  crowded. but  i think japanese people, they don't really care  about like touching other people's body, because in the u s, like people really care. like, you know, have like contact with others, "excuse me.". in japan, like nobody say like "excuse me" or .they just  .. it's really interestinghow people don't care about touching .so   one day last week,  two girls planned to go to camping together with a car.  it was great weather until they started cooking their meals for their lunch. and it started raining and  really windy. so everything they had blew away.  so they decided to leave that place and stay at hotel called "hotel cosmos". and they stayed in the hotel until the rain stopped.but  not including sport, right? . camping. i haven't gone to camping since i was like fifth grade.i was in this  y m c a campingprogram.and i went camping like every weekwith like so many kids.so last time i went, i think it was mountain that i went.you know,  we slept over outside near the river.    the most exciting part was camp fire.like we make the fire by although we haven't a lighter. yeah. and i think   we cooked with like real fireof the stove in the evening.we cooked  fish, rice, you know, some kind of soup.and ate. like hundred people eating together. i think it started raining that day, too. but  we didn't have any place to  sleep overinside.so we just had to close our sleeping bags and sleep.. . and i got sick . but it was fun after ... .going homeon the train. i think i'm gonna go back to my dance club, i left there because i have this test.so i'm gonna go back there and have some meeting,and ask some questions that i had it today.and then go home with my friends with the train. you too. nice talking to you. thank you.