 my name is .o k.fine, thank you. and you? a little bit.  but   every  monday,  monday is   beginning of a  a week, so  monday is always  busy to me. i lives in   city. and   ward. i  lives  there  about  four years this year.   four years ago, i moved  that area from    ward in . i'm married with   four  years ago. that area is   residential area. and  no  big   building and   manufacture of factory. so, that area is  very comfortable for me, and      there is a  very    not  noisy, and   many  nature,  many  tree and   wide place.yeah. especially nothing, but   i like   drawing a picture and     watching the  movie video.   movie stars'  illustration  and    other kind of a    face. yeah..yes.  maybe  there is   some restaurant, and  maybe  in a hotel.    three couples in there.     each couples are  pair,  man and a woman. and  they are   having a dinner.  and  there is the  live piano performance and big clock.   one table  with couple are    take a server of wine.  another  couples are eating a  dinner. they are  very fun in that time..  now, my wife is   pregnant, so they  move too hard.  our last dinner  was the    half years ago. yeah.   that was last, maybe. ginza.  and   that  dinner was   my wife's  birthday. so i  reserved  some  restaurant and  we eat  dinner. i  researched the  book of   many  restaurant and hotel guidebook. and i researched that.yes.o k.yes.  i want to buy a  wristwatch.  what kind of wristwatch  is there? nice.     is  rolex watch there? great.  please show me   any that watch..  how much is that? too . but   most popular  rolex watch is there?  which one?.  is that      new model? o k.  is that  discount? o k.    which cheaper than that one watch? .yeah. which one?. o k.    price is o k, but  designs  are  not so good.so,   i  thinking again and i   talk to my wife.thank you.thank you...  first, i  research   some magazine.  and     first  priority when i choose  that  something,  first is the  design, and   second is   price.yeah.  sometimes, but  she   decide to buy herself   something she buy..   when i  the things i  don't like,  i  tell her    that one is i don't like, because  design is  out of date or price is too expensive.   that  change to another one.....   they are     friend and   they  go back to each house, after, maybe,  they were   part-time job and finish, they  walk to house. and then, on the way to  go to house,  he heard a   strange sound. and  they look at the  electric post.  the small cat is there. maybe  the cat is    alone  is there. and then  she said,   "we  take care that cat   which  house.". but   he is  . so  she is   bring that cat with her house.o k...different opinion?   talk and talk, and   we   negotiate    with colleague and  we are maybe      similar   opinion becomes to each other. so,  many time    we have a meeting and  talk and talk.. maybe. .  my wife's  born   schedule is  maybe  golden week.so   i have   no plan and no idea because  i  prepare to  pregnanton my house. thank you.thank you.