my name is . i'm from , japan. i grow up in , and i'm still here in .yeah, actually i'm a  college student. and i studied abroad when i was a sophomore year... it was a great city. i mean, very nice and very, i think, neat.one and a half.. communicating with people mostly where i studied english, and i improved my english skill, i guess, there.hobbies? . i like to  watch  t v and movies. and i enjoy driving and scuba diving... mostly, when i was staying in , we went to the caribbean sea or the florida. and,  unfortunately, i don't have many chances to  go to diving while i'm staying here in . but i'm planning to..attraction? . very different from this world. . actually, we have to put a lot of equipments on our body, and it's heavy. but,   if you go inside the sea, you can see many different things and the difference makes me  most interested in diving, i think... it looks like a restaurant. and there are three couples enjoying the dinner. and one couple is supposed to have a dinner now, i guess. and a man is having a wine. and the  servant is coming up to the couple and trying to show and describe the names of the wine and  where it comes from or something like that. and the couple is listening to the servant. and they look like very happy and enjoying the dinner, and also,  behind the tables, there is a woman playing the piano. the time is now seven o'clock. and it looks like a great dinner. enough?excuse me? do i like to go?not really. this is  a little bit too  formal for me.to me, it's better to walk freely and talk to a lot of people.,  if i find someone who is very comfortable to talk with, that'll be good to talk with  the person in this kind of situation, though.. o k. . i often go to the  thai restaurant. this serve thai food mostly. but many people including americans, african people, all of the people come to that restaurant because  they have a good food, delicious. and also, they have a very  different atmosphere than other restaurants. . people are like staying inside the sea. and  the big fish, or the shrimps and something you can find in the sea. . on the ceilings, that's a, you know,  it's not a real fish, but   you seems like you are staying inside the sea. so  that  atmosphere makes people very comfortable. and it was  very  nice place to stay in and talk to people. and   you seem like  coming to the real sea.yeah.yeah.o k.? o k.hello. this is .hi. i'm sorry. i have to apologize. because  i was supposed to go to the dinner party, but i couldn't. . . . . i have a roommate. and  she got a car crash, and   when i was supposed to come to you, she called me  from the police station. so i had to go.  i was in a panic. so i should have called you, but i didn't have time, and   i couldn't be able to  come up with that idea even. so  i think i should, but  i'm feeling sorry now, and i'm still a little bit upset.. that's sad. . who is talking about me?. i wanted to see them, too. . i am very sorry about that. but, if you  had another chances to have this kind of dinner party, i'd like to go. so,  if you have any chances, please tell me about that. very much. . . no. i said "my roommate", so she got injured,   her legs. and she is still in a hospital. but  her sister and her mother was coming up to , so   she is now all right with them. but i'm still   going to see her in hospital each day, i mean,  every other day. so, now, we are all right. but we are still in some trouble. but we can make it.sure. i promise. and   i never forget to say  what's happened to me. so i'm not gonna upset you...parties? yeah. informal one, though... yes. actually, i don't usually go to any parties in japan. . maybe, i don't think that's a party. i mean when i was  in , we had a very very small party often. . among five or six people or something like that. and,  if you say about that i sometimes have a party in japan. but  i don't  amaze that is a party. so, maybe,  i cannot say the difference well. but i'm thinking, i guess, the  difference is that, maybe,  people staying in  the western countries  like to say they want to have a party or something like that. they want to send a greeting card, and they also like to receive it. and   they want to go to their party on the weekend. and, they want to feel like be  enjoying. . i thought that kind of idea. because i was a student, so,   from monday to friday, we have classes. and, on the weekend, we enjoyed a party. that's the  usual thing  for college student. . and  i don't know. . anyway, that's it. ..o k. i'll try.one day last week,   i went camping with my roommate. and  we are ready to go and packing other thing like small bags, and  equipments for the  and a working chairs. and we put everything on our car. as soon as  we reached riverside, we built a tent. and  we tried to have a dinner along the riverside. so we made rice and curry,  with fire. and everything was fine until then. but, suddenly,  we saw a rain coming down.  and then, the rain is getting very hard, so we couldn't stay there. then, we got on the car.  we wanted to have tents, and the chairs and  eating bowls or something like that, but, we couldn't have time to collect all of them. so   we have to leave all of our stuff. but, anyway, we got a car. and   we could get away from the rain. and we tried to find somewhere to stay in. because   we were very wet. and we wanted to stay in a calm place. then, we finally found a  hotel. . so we got in, and, finally, we got into the very safe room. and we were  sitting together and looking outside from the room. the outside is still raining, and the rain is still hard. so  i thought it was a good idea not to stay in the riverside for a long time. but the thing is that we  should have seen the weather broadcast.  that's it..this interview? . i'm going to a driver school.yeah.actually, i  already have a .yeah. but     i'm not  getting accustomed to  driving here. and i need to drive soon. so i want to learn driving. and driving is  my   biggest concern now. because  i have   to start driving from april. but,  since  last month,  i'm trying to drive in here . but it's kind of hard for me to  drive. i don't know why. so i need someone to help me.yeah.i think so. anyway, i had to. . yeah.o k.