. meet you.  not . i always  good. but  i catch a cold and  i had a fever until the day before yesterday. please be careful .yeah.i live in .. yeah.. by train.. it's takes about an hour. one way. so bad in ..  i can't. because everyday, i work here. and i don't know ..everyday. yes. and on weekend, i don't have a chance. .everyday, i come here to work. so  i don't have a chance to go around   my home or to have a chat with neighborhood . yes. i'm in charge of , the skin care brand marketing. and i was transferred from   brand marketing about three months ago. so still i'm new in this category. and i'm quite busy everyday to handle the new product development project or  day-to-day operation, marketing strategy and so on.. it's sounds busy. but you may know everybody is busy here. because you have had a chance to talk with .. first, i would like to sleep . and i like  baking cakes and cookies. and i like reading. but nowadays, i don't have enough time to enjoy those hobbies. and i like traveling very much. so  i try to have  twice or three times a year a long vacation to go abroad. i particularly like phuket in thailand, the small island.so i have been there about ten times already.. there is nothing. so i can be fully relaxed. and the beach is nice. people are nice. they are very friendly. and thai foods is also nice.. tom yum goong or fried rice or noodles or anything is very good..it is spicy, sour and very hot.    when i tried it first, i couldn't eat it. but  now, i love it. because it's not just hot but it's very tasteful.. it's a mixture of many different tastes, like shrimp or vegetable or many ingredients... i didn't learn it from  anybody, actually. and i like eating . so i started reading the    cooking books. and  the photos are so attractive and i tried one by one. and i gradually collected the recipes. so i think i have more than a hundred recipes of cakes and cookies.yeah. it's very  good, enjoyable hobby ... excuse me. because i can't speak .can i drink?..  it's in a room of this girl. maybe she is a junior high school student or high school student. she looks . and she is sitting in front of the p c. and  seeing her cat. maybe  it's a real . and cat and dog. . . she is smiling. and  i have no idea what she is doing except seeing  the cat and dog. but  probably she is waiting for something   printed.. the door is open. and  there is a bed on the right side. and there is a window on the left side. in front of the window,   there is her p c desk. and nearby the door, there is   the   bookshelf or something like that. and  the c d players and the above the c d player, there are calendar is hunged on.. at home, yes. not in .. nowadays, i use it for a internet and exchanging e-mail.and very rarely i use it for .because now, i have  the mobile p c,in the office. so i can bring it back to home for work.so, my p c is mainly for  .. .yeah. so that's why.. that's why i quite often access to the web site of  travel agencies offering cheaper air ticket or something like that. and i  also quite often access the web site of a n a, the airline. because i am a member of  a n a mileage... hello?. hi. it's  speaking. how are you today?i'm fine, thank you. . by the way, do you have time today? .   i have a movie which i'd like to watch today. . .o k. then, how about tomorrow?. then,    i'm thinking to watch it in shibuya. how can we meet?in shibuya?o k. then let's meet there  at two p. m.then, the movie starts at three. so we walk down there   from starbucks...see you tomorrow.. not very often.i don't  dislike movies. but i prefer reading... probably, i think  i haven't had a chance to watch movies which moved me so much. but   i have had a chance to read     very attractive or  very good stories.. difficult .  impressive.    it's not the best one. but i remember a few  i like. and one is  i'm afraid i don't know the name in . but       o k. let's  to another one, easier one and the "titanic,"which  i watched not in the movie theater but at home.a few years ago. but  it was very good.  i was moved. and when i watched it, i thought i would watch it again.yeah.it's too long. so before watching it, i didn't feel like to watch it. but my husband borrowed that video. and  i started watching it together. and gradually,  i got into the story. and  i finished watching it for  five hours or so.. from the beginning to the end, the     story moves people..so i make a story, these pictures?can i have  to think about? or i immediately start?o k. please .o k. .  one day last week,  this housewives  started thinking of the menu for a dinner. and she opened the fridge. and she found nothing is there. because she finished all the  foods   the day before. and  she decided to go out for shopping. . she dropped to a supermarket nearby her house. and went into the store. she went through the supermarket store  watching shelf and took necessary foods one by one. and she went to the cashier,   she is waiting to pay. and after shopping, she put the foods she bought in the trunk of the car. and went back to home. and  at  she started cooking fried egg and something.  he does more than i do. .when we eat at home, i think most of time, he cooks.he is a good chef. so i call him chef. .   it's changes from time to time. but recently,  he likes cooking japanese stew,  or japanese stew of pork.. not really. because he is as busy as i am.  and he works in the same company as i do. so in the office every day.yes.. yeah.both working or both working in the same company?both working? just both working is o k. but the problem is even  i can see him in the office everyday, we don't have enough time to talk to each other at home  in the current life style. so in the near future, i'd like to change this lifestyle. i want to keep working. but i want to make more time for our private life..yes.. i go back to work.until, today, hopefully,  seven or eight p m...