 my name is .nice to meet you, too. yeah. i have been busy because  i had to write a  grad thesis.but now, i finished, so i'm not busy right now.i wrote about shakespeare's comedy.yeah. at first, it was very interesting, but gradually, i got tired of researching. .  usually, i listen to music. it depends but  i like classical music and rock music..  yes. i like oasis very much.    oasis is an english rock groupand very famousespecially in england and europe.and  i think the vocalist is very cool. his voice and his  attitudetoward the authority  is cool.     he is not clean. he is always drinking.and    he wears a rough style like t-shirt and jeans and sneakers. my hobby is to see the moviesand play the pianoand listen to music. recently, i saw a movie called "the destiny of her own". it was about a woman who lived in fourteenth or fifteenth century.and    she couldn't  marry  whom she liked.so she decided to live another way and she became a prostitute.  but  she had a talent to tell a story  and to write a poem.and she lived a successful life.so i liked her way of living.  no, i don't. but  i want to be a woman who has a aim to live. .. .  .o k. .  this woman is  momoko. this man is kentaro. and     they're good friends and decided to  come to have dinnertogether.and  they  often date, but this time, they decided to  come to a good restaurant because  kentaro tried to  propose her. and  they ordered a wine before having dinner.and  this man is trying to recommend a good wine to them.   and the atmosphere is not noisy but quiet and comfortable..   and music is classical.i have never thought about that. but  you know,     i would like him to say directly..   if  he  said undirectly like "i want to have your miso soup" or something, it's complicated  and i don't understand his purpose. so i just would like him to say like "marry me" .....hello. i bought this   sweater, but  i found that i can't wear fitly. so could you exchange it sweater? but i got fat suddenly.and i can't wear anymore.  i can't go out with this sweater. yesterday.   at dinner, i ate too much. and i  can't recover from the fat... but    it's not possible, so instead of that,    i'll take another sweater,. please exchange it.... so i'll wait till next week.yes.yes. yes.thank you very much..bye-bye. no.   i   try not to have extra food like sweets or other  foods at the wrong time.. no... i try to  say very  decentlyand kindly. and not to blame the   sales clerk.no... .  one day last week,    he left home to go to work as usual in the morning. but at the station, there were a lot of people and the  platform was filled with people. so one man was  imitating to playing the guitar at the platform.    and that made him   put out his bag  to the rail.so  he got angry to the man who was playing the guiar. but he pretend    not to relate to   the trouble.  so the man asked to the  people in the station,    and  got his bag to himself.and finally,  he could ride a train and could go to work. not very important, but i lost my  piano score in the train. i put bag up to the shelfin a train,and i forgot to bring it.  at that time i was very small, so that my parents try to call the stationbut   the bag was never found.. at first, i complain to the man who       . but  if he did not do nothing about that,i ask the people in a station.i'm going to go to the book storeto get my thesis.. thank you.thank you very much.