 good morning. my name is .nice to meet you. i live in .   near the  station.yeah. so-so. first of all,    my commute time is  about one hour. not so far.   and       so first    i have a daughter.and  in my apartment, there are lots of friends .so     no.     yeah. and   .yeah. hometown?    the place  i was born? i was born in  .but    from my childhood,    i've been living in .... mainly   i play  .yeah.  my daughter is now four years old.and   she like  classical ballet,  and read a picture book.so when i can go back home early,  i read to her some booksevery day.     it's very good for me. and   .. on holidays? sometimes   we go to shopping and sometimes go to park and  sometimes  go somewhere    to see  the  beautiful scene or  such as enoshimaor  such as izu  and so on.. in this weekend,   on saturday,   i wash my carand  in the evening,  my daughter have a   christmas party  at   classical ballet school.so i take  her and my wife   and some friends  .and  on sunday, yesterday,  on sunday,   i went to shopping   near my house.supermarket. .as it often the case .. .yeah.yes.  yeah.     this scene is  at the restaurant.and at the dinner time,    some couples are  having dinner.and       one couples select  a  red wine. .  maybe  good for  their  . and  some table   enjoy a dinner     and  there are piano live.     near the wall,  there are big clock and   the time is  about seven. maybe it sounds  loud and  beautiful  bell.yeah. ..    yeah.  one or two  good restaurant..  and    the name of restaurant is popcorn.yeah.    it was introduced   t v program.and    this  sponcered    sunday  six p m.and in the other     corner .yeah.  maybe  four or five years before.  sometimes i go to this restaurant.  i like  its beef stwew very much.yeah.yeah.. little bit.yeah.. . i . . yeah. .  o k.yeah.    o k.  .i'm a customer?i want to buy something.and . .  o k.  yeah.  i want to buy  new coat..   what's kind of coat do you have?i'm looking for   wool coat.yeah..   are these are light or heavy?  i want to light one.all so? o k. and   i want   double.yeah..o k.   o k. .   . is there a long type? ?yeah. how about trench coat?.    what color is    most popular?yes.?o k. can i tried it on? good.       do this coat famous in movie?  people wear ?  o k. i'll buy it. i want to buy  ....    mainly  foods. foods. department stores. because    there are many kind of  things  such as a     clothes for adults and   clothes for children.and    sometimes for furniture, sometimes for  daily supplyand    kind of  kitchen equipment     and  also there are nice restaurant.and     at the   food floor,   sometimes    we can taste  some foods.yeah.yeah..yeah.one day last week. . . o k. .     when i had a  date with my girlfriend,   and      we walked on street, there are  some sound. "mew mew"  "mew mew".   but   first   i cannot understand   where it comes.   and then, we found a  small kitty  was in the box.    she take a  small kitty and  she want to  keep her.but    a cat so  i don't want to keep a kitty.but the kitty is    very pretty.and so  she do want to  keep kitty.  so we  take her and  we decided to keep a cat.yeah.no.no.. yeah.     i think   it's very good  for my daughter.   if i have a chance,i want to keep  some small animal..   maybe .small dog or  maybe dog.dog is better..  and   i never keep a dogs but       my wife used to keep a dog.and i heard that a    dog is very   friendly  for us.and   dog is  not so big.  also dog is very popular for japanese to keep as a pet. so    when i  keep some pet, i want to choice  dog.. unfortunately,    i'm a information system engineer.  as you know,   year two thousand.so    the end of this yearand beginning of  next year, i have to work as a final y two k  management.yeah. 