hi.nice to meet you, too.. yes. sure. not so much.  i'm working as a secretary to sales  manager.yes..   i receive many phone calls, and make many phone calls, and arrange his schedule and send e-mails, etc. i live in .yes. . i moved  there about two years ago. so i'm not    good at around there. . . . before moved to , i lived in  in , yes. our apartment was so small so i wanted to live more big space. , yes. with my husband. he is working as a salesman of garden products, yes. and   his office is in nihonbashi. and he is  two years older than me, and we married about seven years ago. .    i used to like to play golf, but ,     for about two years ago, i had very heavy backache. . after i played golf and returned home, my back was   aching.  i couldn't move.    i couldn't move during the midnight time.  and i was crying, " no.", .  he wasn't know so in the morning,  he took me to the hospital, yes.yes. but   when i'm very tired, my back aches.yeah.. o k.  they are at restaurant  to  celebrate their fifth marriage.  and husband is tasting  red wine, and waiter is asking the  taste. and this restaurant is very nice restaurant, and they have   piano. they can hear   live sound. .yes.  at our  wedding anniversary day. .    every year, we go to restaurant    where we had a wedding party, yes. so every year,    we go to there..  just  eat at restaurant, and walk around there. it's very nice restaurant.  it's in the makuhari new otani hotel.  so very quiet and  good mood. yes. but  makuhari area,   wind is very strong because it's facing the  ocean. so outside the hotel, . .  last time,   about a year ago, my friend was married. . it's very casual style  at  harajuku.   they  reserved whole restaurant, and we eat and listen to music and dancing, yes. . their party was so casual and so  friendly. so it was very nice.  i think better than our celebration. ..o k.hi.sorry, .hi, .  would you like to go to movie together with me?    how about this weekend? are you free? so let's meet at twelve noon at the yurakucho station.  will you come by j r train? o k. yes.  at the  entrance of hankyu department store.o k?so after we had lunch, let's go to movie.? .  i want to see " ". ? it's a  kind of movie about submarine, to  escape from the submarine, i think. yes. maybe it's so exciting movie..see you then.bye bye. actually, i like, but it's very expensive. it's about  eighteen thousand yen? so  usually, i rent a video from video shop,  yeah. favorite movie. i don't remember the title. but it was a  detective story.   a man has a floppy disk, and someone want to  get back the floppy. so    he   tie up with nasa, and try to get back the floppy disk from the man. and    nasa's technology     surprised very much.yeah. . o k.  one day last week, she wanted to cook something, but   in her refrigerator, nothing was in. so   she drive to the supermarket to buy some foods. and she bought a lot of foods at the store, and she paid the money. then     she carried to her car, and drive back to home. then she cook a  sunny-side up.  yes. i usually   go to nagasakiya.  it's about five minutes from my house.  because it's very near to my house.yes. and very convenient.for the groceries?.it's so expensive   department store, yes. i like takashimaya in nihonbashi, yes.why?   our office was in nihonbashi about seven or eight years ago. so i'm very common to that   department store. yes. takashimaya and mitsukoshi. so  i know where it is at that department.yeah.. i care about its quality most.yes.. price is next. yes. if i buy good one, i can wear many years. but if i buy cheap one, it couldn't wear for few years.yeah.. i was so nervous.   sweaty..yeah.. maybe not so much.because  my boss is not in his office     in afternoon. yeah.thank you very much.