i'm .nice to meet you. i'm pretty fine. thank you. and you?.you must be very busy.usually, how many people do you do this ? i live in .yeah. actually,   twenty-five minutes or thirty minutes by  line.yes. my parents and my brother. my brother is three years older than me.and he is going to get married soon in june.. yeah. he used to live in tokyofor seven years. so we, you know, live separately. but he returned to , then we have been, you know, living together for three years.it's o k.  so-so. .he's o k, you know, he is just gentle to  his girl friend.but he never pay, you know, money for us. i mean he always ask me to buy shampoos, you know, conditioners, everything, but  he always use money for his girl friend.   so that's a problem. but he is o k in a way. i think so. but  my brother is working at my father's company. yeah, if i want to see him, i always, yeah, go there and chat with him. . i'm a student of . yeah.  i'm working at a cram school. i teach  english grammar to high school student.. i'm not so good at grammar things. so i  always ask my boss to give me answers first. yeah, try to persuade myself. but  quite complicated, especially the  past tense, you know.such things. but my students are nice. they're quiet. so it's o k. then, they can give us a lot of money. i mean my salary is quite good compare to other friends. so yeah.i don't know. i don't know.  i always ask them to do homework.. and repetition, you know.  i ask them to read one sentence at least five times.  and ask them to remember the basic  sentences. so  i think that a  secret. i work only three days a week. monday, tuesday, and thursday.and   monday and wednesday, i have to go to . but sometimes, i work as an kind of interpreter. . . translate? because japanese people tend to use japanese expressions such as  or such things. so quite hard to  such old japanese expression. so that's the point. that's the hardest part, i guess. and sometimes i see people who have  dialect or strange accent so quite hard to hear their saying.  but, i used it. so it's o k. not really. not really, but i have to surviveanyway. try to get money. that's it. ..   one woman and man are having dinner at a nice restaurant. and i guess today is their anniversary that's why a waiter try to pour expensive wine to the man's glass. so they look very happy. and this restaurant is very popular, i guess, because three all tables are full of people. and    one woman is playing piano. and now, time is seven o'clock. i think this restaurant is a french because, i don't know why, but from the atmosphere, it looks like a french restaurant.yes.  at least, twice a week. my favorite restaurant is in shinchi.near yodoyabashi. because my friend is working there, and he can  give us discount. that is a french restaurant. i like red wine very much.  i often go there.. good atmosphere, quiet place,and nice food. i can cook,but i cannot cook complicated dishes, so i always ask the chef to cook nice things... .yes.hello. .yes, please.  this is . i just participated your tour. .yeah. it was o k, but i expected more from the tour. i mean,  from the brochure,  it says i could participate a  cruise trips from small islands to the different island. but actually, i couldn't go there. i don't know why, but my tour guide said because of the whether. but i didn't know that. so you should have  explain it beforehand. it includedthe fee, i guess. because i paid you a lot of money. so that's not fair.yeah. i did. but he just said i should call the agent in japan, that's why i'm now calling you. really?but you should do something  for me.otherwise i might sue you.  maybe you can give some money back, or you can offer me free tour. what do you think?.? really? yeah, that sounds good.yes.that's o k.o k. thank you.bye.yes. i love travelling.no.. i think so. i used to live in australia.and my favorite country is  malta. do you know malta? near sicily island.below the italy. .yes. because i can use english there, and i like italian food. and malta is not so big, and you know, i can use bus,  to see everything in malta. so i like malta.. actually, i was staying with one family.   and  i went there by myself so i, yeah, talked with many people there.they're friendly.and they know how to treat people. warm.warm and  friendly, compare to japanese people. it's like a awaji island. yes.last week. . one day, a couple was walking down the street. and they heard "meow"   in the box. and  they were wondering what's inside the box. and the girl open the box. and they found a cat. and she asked him to have the cat, but he said no, because  he lives in an apartment. so   the apartment, they cannot have a cat. but  she just begged him to have a cat. and   he was thinking, but she said she would separate him  if she cannot have the cat. and he said o k.  i don't know what would happen after this picture.   i don't like cats so. so maybe,  i will never touch a cat. so   it won't happen to me. i like hamsters. i don't know hamster in english, but small hamster so yeah, i like just hamster. i don't like dog. i don't like cats. hamsters are   small, i like small things.  but you know,  dogs bark at me, and cats are kind of smelly. and i don't like their  furs. .   two hamsters at home. hama-chan.and fuku-chan.? my friend,   is waiting outside so we'll have a cup of tea., in the same class from ...you, too.