. .sure..nice to see you, too.good. thank you.not . cold. i live in  now. so i feel so cold here.  i live in . .yes. i just came back home.it's summer holiday there.no, i'm not, actually. . i'm a student of . and i was a student of  before.yeah.   no, one year ago, i just graduate.and     professor  i should say, he was my teacher before. and he was born in the   same   i mean,   hometownas me. and yeah, we kept in touch with. and he just told me that, yeah, this kind of thing happen today, so i just came here. i'm studying there.. i'm a student. and i just wanna be a english teacher, so i'm studying english teaching. actually, tesol. english to  speakers of other languages.yeah.yes.yeah.  i'm in holiday.yeah. summer holiday.  probably,   i'm not sure but i will visit my friends and my grandparents' house and, yeah,  i will have just relaxing time, i think.i live in , which  you've never heard of it, i'm sure of it,   which is located in     northern part of . it takes  two hours to come here. so it's bit far away.but a beautiful place, i think.. yeah.  you can go to  riverby car. so  probably ten minutes or something.yeah. but it's very, very small place.i mean   it has, i don't know,  many, many old people there. not young people.my parents.     my father will be sixty next year. that means . celebrate.my mom is  fifty-eight.she is housewife.and my father works  at my home.and  he is a kind of artist.yeah.  he carves a  wooden statue, actually it's buddha.yeah. we sell that kind of statue and  and candles and that kind of stuffs.yeah.  we've got little shop but it's not good now.. but my father  sometimes go to temple to fix themand shrines. yeah.  yeah, that kind of things. free time. i want to go to  italy againif i have money.i went to italy before. that was very, very good  experience for me. i went to rome,   firenze or florence, i should say, and what else,  napoli and milan, that kind of places. beautiful architecture. and  i love  fine arts, the pictures are beautiful.and the buildings are just gorgeous.so i love it.  if i had chance and money,  i really want to go.o k. this picture.now.o k.  a woman teacher is just teaching, probably i think this is math class.  one, two, three, four, five, six, six students are just listening and   taking the class. one student in front of the teacher  looks serious   taking notes, looking at boards. i think he is listening to her very . but rest of them  look not good.    one of the girls is just  sending probably e-mail to her friends, i think. and one of the  boys is just looking  outside the window and chewing gums. this is not good as . and one of the boys just  drinking probably juice and listening to music while taking class. and two girls in a back side of the class just talking and  they looks  having fun talking with each other..yes.o k.  i don't know much about other university in australia and japan as . so i would like to compare    and university. is that o k?o k. this university, i think, is very small. i think  one year is just, i don't know, probably five hundred students or something. but compared to that,   university is just so large. and i think, i don't know, probably   i've heard   ,   no, twenty hundred. so     twenty thousand, yeah, students are there. so many. and in here,   majority of  university students are japanese, of course.  i mean, yeah,  sometimes we can see foreigners but not so many. but  in  university, you can see  many, many kinds of people. you can see indians,  french people,  people from italy, i guess, because they are speaking in .  yeah, and chinese. so many chinese are there. and cantonese.. vietnamese. yeah. lots of vietnamese there. not so many japanese there.yeah. so i think that's the big difference.thank you.o k.o k.o k.hello, it's  speaking.hi.  i just wanted to  say sorry for youabout the party. i couldn't go.  sorry about that, .. .?  i'm very, very sorry for it.  actually, my mom was ill. so  i had to take her hospital. yeah, so that's why i couldn't go. i'm very, very sorry. so next time  i'm sure that i will go. sosorry about . i'm not sure. but      no, no, no, she's got  cancer before.so  sometimes she said  if she feels bad,she's so  anxious. she just told me that she wants to go to  hospital, i have to take her hospital.not really, actually. but  she was just  just like screaming.so  i thought that was, yeah, serious. so i took her hospital.. sushi, . my god. so did you keep it now?. .yeah, sure. what about    three o'clock?o k. i'll go there.thank you.thank you..o k.yeah.o k. that was my friend's party.    yeah, she turned   twenty-eight, i think. she's much older than me.    no, , i just wanna say that  in japan, if your birthday, your friends will have party for you. but in australia,  you have to have party for your friend.yeah, it is. really. so my friend, she is japanese, but just do it like australians do. she just does.yeah. so she invited me to her house and  she baked  a cake for her...o k.o k.o k.can i start ?o k.  o k.  me and my friend   wanted to go lake to have camp. so we prepared  stuffs to go to camp. we went to the lake by car. when we arrived, we started to   build a tent. that was wonderful. we did it really good. and we cooked curry together as . we had really good time there. but suddenly, the clouds became dark and started to raining.  my god. then, the winds just blow so   heavily and the tent was just broken and went somewhere. and we just ran into the car. and we  started to driving. and we found     very good hotel and we decided to settle down there. and     we entered the hotel. and finally, we took shower, and  we had a tea. that was wonderful day.thank you.o k.  when i was in , i was just studying inside house, so i didn't have so much time to go out. but the only thing i liked was go to beach.just go to beach and sit  aside  you know,  the street and see the  ocean. blue oceans and blue skis and the wave just comes and goes and comes and goes. i feel really nice.i think, yeah, that's  yeah, only thing i didin  .outdoor activities. i think  i'm not sure but  bush walking. do you know that? .  it's a kind of  just walking inside the forest.we say "bush" instead of saying "forest".so little bush,you can go inside.and little paths are there. so you just walk through the path. and you can see birds and animals and  and things.   so nice. but you have to walk probably one hour or something,yeah, to look abound. and  that's good .. .yes.yes.?     my mom's food.   yeah, ?yeah. and today is . this . pumpkin day. we have to .yeah. .yeah.yes..