   my name is ...?  i  fine.and you? yeah?yeah.   doing here. .  i am a marketing manager for  homecare product categories which is basically handling the four brands, basically which  are , it is  fabric   conditioner. and  which is laundry powder detergent, and cream cleanser  . and  which is a hygiene cleaner, household.yeah. yes. reasonably, yes... i have a son  who is  two years old. and so  basically, my time is occupied by him.and watching t v or  walking around. and  yes, he is recently quite interested in reading the books. so i spend  much time to   reading the book with him, something like that.. yes.  about him. . he was born in   ninety ninety-nine. and he is now   in a  nursery,  i don't know. and so   he is now so very interested in the train. and   the teacher in the nursery told me every time that  he eats a lot,than others. and he is actually,  above one hundred centimeter    he is quite tall as  his age. and so   he loves eating. so i'm enjoying  take him to the  restaurant. and   something like that.yeah..my hobby is   taking photograph. i was a member of the photographers' association  when i was  a student.yeah. so still i'm quite  interested in  taking lots of pictures. and as well as seeing some beautiful pictures  taken by  professional photographer..yeah... so maybe when backing in  my age, something like about ten.  i actually read some book which was     about a man  who have a lot of   experience in climbing on the    very high mountain. and he always  took his camera. and  not only the photographer, also his story about,the photograph in the mountain was quite  impressed me. and then  maybe that's the starting point for me.to, you know, get  interested,in the photograph. very much..yeah. .  she is in her room. and she is just  sitting in front of her personal computer. and   she is with her pet, one dog, one cat. and  cat is now sleeping on her bed. and dog as well, sleeping on the floor. and so i think she is  now showing some  i don't know, picture of something on the screen of her personal computer to the  pets. and she seems to have a quite  big interest in the audio   there,  i can see  quite  sophisticated  audio set in her room. yeah.. yes.. mine is much smaller. . but similarity is that  i have also the similar personal computer set  on my desk. . but  the biggest difference would be  i don't have any pets.  but basically, quite similar. we have bed. we have a desk, personal computer and some audio set.yeah.. so    mostly, i use   e-mailing  not for the job  but to my friends. and in the particular, in the very  year end,  every year, i'm making some  postcard,using a personal computer, putting  my son's picture or ,like that. yeah.yeah.. yes. yes, i have.. so my favorite site is  very personal one which is about  sort of  club association.   i have a car called mazda cappella. and so mazda cappella's owners is  gathering into  the site. chatting each other. and exchanging information, .... so.   recently   how is the condition of the cars, and so if  one person  reported that  i installed some special equipment and i feel  something    it's nice or blah, blah, blah. and then so the other one  some questions that how much or, you know,  how long does it take  to be installed or something. yeah...yeah.role-play. yeah.yeah. .o k.hello? .  speaking.. fine. and how about you?yeah. . today actually, i'm calling that  i would like to invite you to go to movie with me.. yeah. thank you. and so    would like to see a movie so-called    "harry potter".   you know   the movie? yeah?. i'm sorry. . that's pity. so how about  some japanese movie? . i forgot   the title. but i heard that is    made  jointly with japanese group and korean group.  sounds nice.yeah.o k.   how about going there?yeah. . so, then  i know that this movie is on in theater in shibuya.. just in the building so-called  shibuya  higashiguchi building. .o k. . so   do you know   the building used to be had  planetarium?yeah. . so that is the building which  takes one minute's   walk from the station.. towards the  very high building which is  cross tower building. so    you can find easily just in front of the big  bus station. then that is a building we should go. just  at the first floor, there is a cafeteria.so let's meet   there. it's o k?yeah.. so now it's  quarter to four. how about meeting there half past four?yeah?yeah.o k.. thank you. see you, then.bye.yeah.. bar. bar. yes.. drinking, i mean.yeah. usually go is a japanese-style  dining. and so   quite close to our office. . thirty second's walk. and  the shop   is normally closing around  midnight. so it's quite  convenient there.  i tend to finish my work  late, say, ten or eleven.and so it's quite easy for me to find  one  drink there. and  the last train to my home.yeah..  i don't mean that  to drink so much.  some, occasionally, i mean.. yes. .yeah.yeah.yeah...sorry.      shall i make up the story of this?based on it?about this picture. . ..o k. i understand. . one day last week,      a lady  was thinking of the birthday present  for her husband. and she went to the department store. and she was looking for a nice gift for him. and so  she realized that  her husband tend to use      very old ties.and  he doesn't have very new and fashionable tie. so   she made mind to buy a new, very stylish neckties for him. . so     she could find fortunately a nice one. and she bought it there. . but  after that,  when she came across the  shoes  corner,   she realize that  there was a bargain sale,  something like thirty percent off. that is quite  attractive price. so  she suddenly made mind to buy one for herself. . after that, another floor,    next one is fifty percent which is clothes. and   she made another decision  to buy one there.  actually and finally,  when  she gets out the department store, she was holding a full of  shoes, clothes.    and her  husband present... my wife.exchange? . yes. normally, yes.yeah..  question. . my birthday is november. last year,  yes,  it's not material but i requested to go  nice restaurant. and   i asked particularly on that special day, to have  expensive wine.  not very expensive.  less than ten thousand yen.  but  quite  expensive  for my . and so then i enjoyed   wine and nice food. and that's was my last   birthday present.to?.   i normally ask directly   what  is her intention.. so  something like "how about this year?", " what do you like?" or something like that.. . say, i think   if it's very expensive like a diamond ring,  "let me see the opportunity if i can buy someday, say five year's time. but this year,   please   take my apology. and so  accept   smaller one or cheaper one. but i will promise  some day," or something like that..yes. after this. . i have a appointment for the meeting or something.yeah.... .yeah. thank you very much.