. my name is .yes.yeah, very fine. . how about you?no,   i 'm working in , so it takes one hour to come here.yes,   i often come here    make meeting.   i am a researchers. .there is there is a laboratory, so  i'm doing experiment. my research field is architecture.   when earth shakes happen,  building won't  break..  my work is breaking columns or beams of building, and    how much force to break is my research.. nine years and a half.yes     i was working at ,  another laboratory.. where i work at  computer programming..  experiment.yes, so  i want to work in my laboratory here in . .yeah. very near to my laboratory. it takes ten minutes to walk.yes. yeah.  i have a son. he is two years old but there is  no park to play near  my apartment. maybe,  to cycling. twenty minutes to walk.     and there is lots of  slope. my wife  have to  go down to going to supermarket and he have to  go up slope by bringing lots of luggage.yes.  yes. so     playing my wallet or my keys.  he took my wallet and take out money  and  threw . so i have to pick up them and put into my .yeah.yes.. a dinner with wife?. yes, i had.   no, wait a moment. i took this picture.. a couple maybe  they are married and they have dinner and they choose wine and husband  try to drink.  and so, he choose. maybe he like this wine so he ordered this wine. and his wife  smiling and  she didn't. maybe she asked  her husband to choose wines. yes  maybe  this is french restaurant, i think. . that's all.yes.. maybe around my house.    i go to restaraunt by car. maybe it takes me ten minutes or twenty mimutes. lots of family restaurants. yeah. i go. but   my son doesn't sit down to long time, so  it's very difficult to ..  i have to prepare lots of toys or picture books for him and  i have to  make him sit down. .it's hard work for me.yeah.yes, and maybe this restaurant is very expensive, and maybe very quiet, and  maybe she plays good music.  maybe i go to this  restaurant with my son,   and trouble another customers. so, maybe i have to wait to go like this restaurant maybe five or .yes.  i tried .yes..o k.o k.hello.   how are you?  i'm .o k. . how about movie?  "charlie's angels". let's go to see it. i see. you've seen it?  another movie.  do you know ""?  another movie and it's japanese movie, and very old .yeah.  it's very interesting. it's masterpiece of japanese movie. let's go to see it.yeah. how about next sunday?o k?   i want to see that movie in morning, and have lunch and play   another place, i hope. how about you?o k.o k. that movie will start ten o'clock,    so, we meet there at nine forty-five and in front of  movie theatre. shinjuku.   . o k.  so, shochiku. so, in front of movie theatre, we meet there... goodbye.yes, i like movies. last sunday,  i saw a movie  "fight club". do you know "fight club"?  interesting and very strange movie.  it's very . i like that director,  david fischer. he took movies seven or    so  he took very beautiful  picture. picture is very beautiful and very strange and,  yes, i think very interesting. so,  i like him, so i saw that movie by renting video tape.yes.    when i choose movie director is very important factor.  i like  maybe     just like david fischer. he is very strange and very beautiful picture.  i like him.  another  director is  ridley scott. i like ridley. he took "alien". do you know "alien"?yes.  but he is  english man.  . .  i seldom see japanese movie recently.  in newspaper,  there is some good director in japan, but i have no chance to see their movies. so,  i want to see their movie, but i have little information about them.   and i have a  and it's difficult to make time to see movie. so, maybe, one month in one  one movie. so, it's very difficult to ..o k. one day last week,  a woman go to department store and  she bought  a necktie to her husband, birthday present.  and she paid money and  she took  necktie  by wrapping  beautifully.  and when  she passed by another place   where  shoes were sold and it was very cheap for  her and  maybe  she thought it's a chance to buy good shoes for her    and maybe   she bought a shoes for her and  maybe she bought clothes for herself and so she bought a lot of thing and go back to  her home.. i give her? when i come back to japan,  i present   bags and pendant and one more thing. maybe, one accessories   which bought in u s a..and  when   i was in u s a,  she made me to buy  bags and pendant  and just say  code of product.  he ordered me to go to shops,  coach, the shop and bought  code of product. and yes, so  i went to shop and  i    give clerks to memo  the code of products. i want this one.and she give me.. but  she said i want more. . yeah  i was happy because  she was very delight. but    yeah,  i know she wants more so    yeah, i have to calm down her.yeah.  this is enough for you.thank you.yeah  no.  i work next this office and   i have to make report of visiting u s a. what  i had to or what i thought  i have to write down. and this evening,   i have party  at . .yes. ..