yeah. . my name is ..yes. . meet you, too. i'm o k. thank you. ?good.yeah. and humid.yes.  not so much.    i usually go to swimming pool,you know, to swim.. or  walk in the swimming pool.yes. just walking. yes.from my flat? it takes  an hour by bus and the train.you're welcome.but it doesn't  take long.yeah. the connection is so good. so, yes. i live in . ward. so   that area  very good  transportation system, it has. so it doesn't matter to go out somewhere.my what?neighborhood?near my flat?. right.    i moved to    three years ago.so     i'm a little bit stranger about that area. but  there is a very big park near my flat. and it is called . and  the literally,  it's like  a real wood, not like  a playing park.so   i like to go there and walking in the park. so there are many very tall trees and   many places to play sports and   there is some space for kids. and there are some small pond  for the kids.   so you can enjoy walking and just sitting on the bench  watching the trees and that's very nice park.but it's very close to the  station.. yes.yes.   because i'm a public officer of     government. so, because of my job.so i have move from east of  and  anywhere in . yes. i brought my children.  i have two children.   older one is son and he is fourteen years old. and he likes playing football.   and he doesn't study at all.  but he loves football and    he thinks that  he want to be a j-league player. but  i always tell him  to have a dream is good.  my daughter is  eleven years old. and she likes playing the piano and  she began  to go to the ballet studio  one years ago.. yeah. so she is interested in ballet dance.yes. ..describe?  here is a restaurant. and maybe it is very calm restaurant. and  you can listen a live piano   concert  with having dinner. and there are three couples in a restaurant. and  one couple has just started  to have  to their dinner. because  a man is tasting the wine. and they dressed so well, so  maybe  it is their first date or it's   very important day for their anniversary... when? when was the last time?  when i had a dinner in a restaurant?.  .  when was the last time? maybe it was   nearly one month ago.it was not a   gorgeous restaurant. but my father-  in-law  visited me.and so we went to  restaurant near the gakugeidaigaku station.so we enjoyed .   so my son loves  because he is young. but maybe my father-in-law didn't like it because he didn't have so much.but anyway, we enjoyed meeting and had ...i had a real experience .. yes, please.  i have a ticket for  the train which  had already gone.   because i was late for the train. so can i  change  the ticket to the next train?. dear.  but    i don't   want to waste this ticket. and i will take a train. i'll be sure take a train  on the next train.and  i have to attend a important meeting. so    i  have to take a next train.and so  first, how about   i will    just back to this ticket to you and then i will buy another  new ticket. because     when  i try  to go out   there was  telephone  from  my mother. and so it was a very urgent telephone. so  i couldn't refused to   her phone.you know. and  but     does it legal  to back to this ticket and  of course, i will pay the some fees.  and then i will buy  a  new ticket....  thank you very much. thank you .i'm very happy ... .   in that case,  i paid by my credit card.so   the cash back is a little bit complicated, he said.   but  maybe on the computer, there was   some numbers for my name and  credit card's number.  so first, he wanted to make sure the ticket was really for me. but  he checked the maybe some  list and then  he said he can back     some money through the credit card.so   in a sense, it was good for me to use to pay    for money by credit .so    it is usual  to buy ticket by credit card in england.so it's  .. i hope in japan,  we can use the credit card when we buy a ticket.. .?.. so  shall i make a story from one to six?that's it?o k. one day last week.  last sunday,    i and my sister decided  to go driving. and then, we packed everything in the car and in the bag. and we arrived at  very beautiful lakeside. and  we made a tent and  made a fire and cooked a nice meal.  but suddenly,  it started to rain. and so we back to the car but  the wind was so strong. so our tent had gone by the wind. and  of that  there was a heavy thunder. but we were in the car so we were o k. but  the sound of thunder was terrible.  and then,  we to the hotel cosmos. we decided to stay hotel cosmos. and we stayed there at night. and the next morning,  we could have a nice coffee in the bright morning. yes.yeah.  i used  go there many times.. pardon? ... good point. . because  our daily life is very busy and noisy, and of course, we work  very hard in our  time, so, sometime we can see a beautiful scenery  and we can have a nice  air and   the changing our life is the best point for  such kind of traveling.you're welcome..yes. no., i have to work tomorrow.yes.children? they go to school on saturday., do you know that only second and forth saturday will off.. sunday,   i have to   test for the students. so i will make test on sunday.you're welcome.thank you. thank you very much.