.yeah.  my name is .  is o k.fine, thank you. how are you?yeah. i had  english grammarand homeroom. yeah. that's all.i like english.and  i used to like  art.. in this school? actually it was not art, like it was art and craft. so like we did  clayand we made pot.and like making cutter knife..  now?i live in  . when i was a child i used to live in for three years and half. i loved there.. .    yeah,   people therewere very friendly.and they are like open.and yeah, they liked asian people,they're used to asian people more than the   like this side..  like i was only like three years old so i went like pre-school kindergarten.yeah. these day,i'm doing part-time job. ... like bakery. .yeah. like five days per week...  like i'm happy to see people, like  like saying "thank you"and talking with them. but most of the time we don't have timeto talk with customers. it's too busy...  .. she has  a dog and a cat.and she must like computer and like  work.i think she is a college student or a high school .yeah. it's june.it's nine o'clock. . and  this is her room.. ?  i don't have any pets. but i do have my own computer but it's not like this, but it's lap-top.and it's not big like   and  i don't put calendar on my wall.. for internet.and like making  essays... i can't fix when it's broken or like,virus yeah, some troubles.so  i always call my  fatherto fix it.and i don't like to read manuals, so i only know the  general info. i don't remember  but it was like my father loves computer, so i used to do computer beside him.so, yeah, i learned naturally.. ..  thank you. i want to go to new yorkbut i don't know to buy my ticket.o k.   can you tell me how to use this machine?..  i want round-trip ticket.and will you tell me how much it costs?....o k. then i will take the super express.? then i will take the express.thanks. thank you. yeah.thank you.no. but  i took exam for university in  i passed.so  will go.  one reason was like, yeah, i told you about   i used to live in . to go to the other sideof the, yeah, coast. so and i want to learn  child psychology, and child literature. and  i searched for those subjects..  i used college board. i think in like july.....  one day, a  woman  went to the department store. and she was looking for   her husband's birthday present. and happily, she found a good necktie.and she was going home   only getting  that present. but on her   way back,  she found a bargain. and  so she bought shoes and  a dress. after all,  her own gift was much bigger than  her husband's gift. .yeah.  i like window shopping.i like shimokitazawa and like antique shopnear my house. it's in .and  they have   french antique like accessories.it's dead stock, which is not used .yeah. it's a little expensive but . because nowadays,, antique is only one in the world, of them.like so i don't like to be  as same as other people. .and  the  old days' quality is good..yeah. ... you can't find the same shape  among new  clothes  and  yeah,  most of them i like the shape  the print. it depends. but if i like so much,   i won't worry about money  but that's because i don't buy so often." this is cheap. i'll get it,.". i don't do like that.  i like it i'll think so    long time like one  week and go there again.and if i see it and i still love it, i will get it. .   yeah. it's almost done. but  it's .? . yeah. a part-time job. today it's from five o'clock to ten o'clock. but if it ,yeah,  would be like twelve o'clock to tenor nine. yeah... not really. but  i use my bicycle and i ride twenty or so.. .. thank you very much.