yes. my name is .yes. please. so-so.  because  last night  i stayed  awake  so late.   i had to study and prepare  this . .. yes. because  if we wear a lot of clothes   how can i say   i can be warm.so  and   i have a experience to live in . so in tokyo  it's not  cold in winter.yes.that's o k. yes.    when i was in     i was  university student of  university. and i usually  went to ski    the mountain near   city.it's very easy  to  get to the . .yeah.i think it's summer. because  it's very cool and  dry. it's very comfortable for us, i think.yes.i live in  prefecture.  i live in .do you know ?. o k . it takes  about  one and a half hour to commute  to here.  and    it's located  next to  city.  yes.yes.what's there?   there are a lot of department store.  for example  parco marui and itoyokado and so on. very  convenient  to go shopping.yeah. no i don't.   i've lived for  about for   one year. i've lived for  one year about. there was no choice.  at that time. because  when i start to  work for this company, i was in  .   one year ago  i transferred  to tokyo head office. so   our company   decide    my residence.    i live in apartment.but  it was  prepared by our company.. yes.you're welcome.yes. it's very comfortable. because very   new and big. a lot of   space in my residence.yes.. .yes. i'd like to talk about this picture. this is one scene of  french restaurant. and  this restaurant is very popular among the   couples. because  in this picture  there are three tables but all of them are filled with couples.   that day is a wedding anniversary of this couple.  they are sitting  in front of the picture. and      the man wearing yellow jacket  brings his wife wearing  pink suits and pearl necklace to this restaurant to eat dinner and to celebrate each other. and now  he is tasting the wine  to see   if sweet enough. and asking the waiter who is  explain   about the wine . it's very easy  for him to explain it because he is . and   in this restaurant  it's very  lovely atmosphere because there are some music of piano played by  this pianist.  they can enjoy  the dinner each other. that's all.yes. .which kind of  restaurant do you want?any kind. o k. i see. how about ""? do you know ?. and   it has  big balcony and cafe terrace.and the atmosphere of that restaurant is  very good for young couple. so it's located   near here. it takes about  two minutes walk.yeah from here. yeah.   if you want   .i invite you. probably yes. but not so  expensive. it's so-so. but  if i were student    i would think  it's very expensive. but now  i think  not so expensive.yes.yeah..yes..yes. i'd like to go to new york  as soon as possible.so  you have  many kind of train but  which train   should i   get on?.yes.what time is the departure time of this super express train?eleven o'clock. now  it's ten thirty. so i'd like to buy a ticket.so  please tell me  how much does it cost.one hundred dollars.  it's so expensive.   if i got a normal train so how much does it cost?. yes.  so  how much does it cost?fifty dollars..yes. o k. so please let me know   how long does it take  by getting on   ?.forty minutes. yes. and how about  normal train?two hour.  i see. o k. i'd like to  super   .so where can i get the ticket?here.. so    here's  my bill.yes.o k. thank you very much..good-bye. i like    both method.because    in case of  train, we can enjoy   talking  sightseeing   and so on. because  traveling by   train it's much cheaper than traveling by car. but in case of   car travel we can  go anywhere. so it's very convenient. so  i like   both method.you're welcome...yes.yeah.. o k. one day last week, the lady who went to the department store   on her way home from her shopping to buy a birthday present for her father.  and she   carrying a shopping bag in her right hand. at first, she went to the necktie shop. there were a lot of ties, so she didn't  choose easily. but she found out  this necktie   with  green and  brown color. and  how can say, the clerk also recommended it for a present.  and she thought it would suit  him  nicely.  and that  she  decided to buy it and   asked  wrap with ribbon. and, she paid for it by cash. and after that  when  she was going out she found out the  final sale bargain with  thirty percent discount.  it was    shoes corner.  she stopped  there because the price was so  attractive for her. after that  she found out  one more bargain sale of the clothes for women. she wanted to get  the orange shirt blouse which was  put their mannequin with fifty percent discount. finally  she bought it   as soon as she tried  it on.  after all she bought a tie and a shirt, blouse in this department store. she was such pride with her shopping and she left for her residence. that's all.. yes of course... i forgot but last christmas day i bought a  cheap ring for her. cheap. . it's like toy. but  she was   pleased  because   from our marriage  i've never  gave a present for her. so that's first time. yes. how can i say   about the ring?  present?present..yes.. why. it's very difficult question, but     biggest point is  my money situation.  i don't have enough money to buy a  expensive present for her. because  i'm fourth grade in  our company, so our salary is not so high.  so the reason.yeah..yeah. .thank you.today is friday.  yes.  on sunday or saturday    i'll have to  come here . because there are  a lot of work to do at my desk. but   on the other day, i will go shopping with my wife to makuhari probably.you're welcome.