 my name is .yes.. o k, but was busy. so kind of little bit tired.. i missed one train. i couldn't catch it. i ran, but i couldn't. but   i take a next one, and i made it in time. . what do i do?. i'm teaching english to children.also i'm student. . right now, master course, .english education. i'm interested in a testing. right now i'm studying  statistic things. it's like  mathematics.  i'm not good at mathematics so it's kind of difficult for me..adult? sometimes i do. .       most adult has a background. they studied  certain minimum things already. but children, they know nothing. pure white. so they see alphabet, but they can say  maybe a or b, but they don't know what does the actually letter work   for example, in a reading, you know. . i think it's like  arabian letters to me. it's just a picture.   to children, english letter is just a picture. so but it's interesting. i like .. use phonics. .phonics?. phonics. . i heard that's the way that american children learn or native english speaking children learn how to read. basically  no, no, i think  letter shows the sound. and  they have to kind of learn this letter has certain sound kind of.hula dance. i'm really into hula dance.  sometimes i think " i wanna be professional hula dancer.".  it's so fun because you know, everybody like it. even a baby or old people or men, men like it because we show the lots of skin.  men like it and young children sometimes  for example, like social dance, children can't enjoy it. like a flamenco, i don't think children can enjoy it. but  hula dance, they can enjoy it.it's very  cute and colorful, lots of flower. everybody can. sometime i do a volunteer show in a handicap school. and even a handicap children like  i mean a  mental kind of handicap, not physical only, i mean  mental handicapped children can enjoy those sound, color..hula?  i went hawaii couple of times, and i saw the dance. and then ". maybe i try. i want to do some exercise.". so first, i just wanted some exercise little bit.  i don't like running or you know, sports gym. it's boring. but i like music, and i like history, and i like story. hula has a story. it's like a sign language, and they tell people the story by hand. . so interesting. o k.o k. i think they're having dinner. and  i think they ordered something already, and waiting for it. but before a meal, they having a wine. and looks like  western style restaurant. and there's a piano player. so  i guess kind of expensive, not cheap.  . more?   .. everybody are couple . . yes.. we're going hawaii.  every christmas we go hawaii. i mean my husband and my child. first we can relax, and we don't have to bring many clothes to go hawaii. just t-shirts and shorts. it's easy. you don't need many stuff   . i like hula so i can buy hula things there. .hawaii? . it's same. green and red . christmas tree. but just people wear t-shirts and shorts..japanese christmas? .  . i think people enjoying. so it's not religious, but people enjoy it, and having fun with friends or family. and it's good.o k.o k.hello, this is .    about tonight party, i'm sorry i can't go..   some important thing happened, and it's difficult to explain.  i tell you sometime later. but i can't go tonight so i'm very very sorry. .was it?it's kind of surprise party for me?no, i didn't know that. . . that case i can go because other people are having party for me. and i maybe  little bit rude, but we can have a party together. how about that? . yeah. some other kind of group friends.yes.yes..it's o k?  but  i can't connect.   so see you tonight .see you later..o k. .so you suppose say that it was my birthday party?. .   o k. you pop up? . o k. ... i just tell them honestly. .then i apologize, and then   i tell them to invite me again. if they are angry?if they are angry?   in real situation, doesn't happen that much, you know? usually we're very careful about schedule. and if something wrong like that you know, that mean very serious thing happens. if i tell them that, they usually understand, and don't get angry so i don't know what i should do. .last week. o k. should it be me or anybody? anybody is o k?o k. . one day last week,   we are going to camping. and we packed many things for camping like  light or things to cook meal or tent. and we put those in  our van, and   went to  the river. and we made the tent, and we started cooking. then suddenly,  it started raining. and then eventually,  it got so bad, i mean like a  real storm. stormy weather. so we  our things, and quickly got on a van, and looked for  some place to stay overnight. and we found  hotel. and then  we got in a hotel. and then we had a cup of coffee, and relax. and actually it was good hotel, and had a nice view so we enjoyed that.outdoor. . i used to do, but not recently.. i got busier, and  don't have enough time recently.. it's fun. i used to go when i was a student  when  i had a plenty time, you know. fishing and just cooking with friends. it's fun. so people usually wants to share time together outside. and they feel more open so they can talk more.  they feel more  friendliness, i guess.?. if you wanna spend time inside, i mean with friends,   talking is key. you have to talk. but outside, you don't have to keep talking.  and just staying there together and doing something little bit there and here, and people can enjoy. but inside you know, unless you do some board game or watch movie, or you have to talk with friends. and sometimes it's too stressful, maybe.o k.o k. i have kind of reunion tonight. my university friends reunion. so that's why i chose  this day, and  i send a e-mail to mister  that this day is good for me. i usually don't come to tokyo often anymore because ..she's five years old so i have to take care of her you know, night time. but because of class reunion, come to tokyo. shinjuku. no, no. i think  . . very much.