  . my name is .yeah. sure.yeah. good to see you, too.i'm fine, thank . and you? yes. i'm in dancing club.and i have to dance after school.yeah.no, not yet.like i came here like five minutes early.yeah. first class. i like it very much. i really enjoy it.i like the friends,my teachers.yeah.  one of my good friends is   . chinese friend.and she is very kind to me.like yeah. i talk  very much  i'm living in .  about three years., i was in america.but i was in japanese . i've been there for like eight years.  i was in japanese school  till eight years. american school.i enjoyed it very much. and  they have like few people in this school. almost  fifteen in each class.so it was pretty .   culture  and also  nature.like  there're like forests and then the squirrels, i loved the squirrels. i was in , was a countryside. and  sometimes i go to  to .   i like craft.like beads. and i make like earrings, pierce. my mom used to do that in america.like she loves craft shop.and yeah, she always  some  my mother is a kind of shy to people. .she doesn't like to  make a lot of friends and  like yeah, she likes flowers. so she wants to be  .. quiet. like, " come on, talk to me.". . it's clean. and there are a lot of  gadgets, radios,  and i mean she has pets. i think it's  ordinary room.yeah, very, like japanese style..and there are lot of computers and stuff.telephones and and it's so huge.then it's kind of like office. it's not pretty.  . and also i don't have any phones in the room computers.also i don't have any pets.and i don't have any those    desks... i like to watch  design  t v program.and then i like to  hang some pictures on the wall.and, you know,  i like the pretty things. and i had the curtain like  i don't know, not pink, but like flowers.yes. i think those colors of  desks and, you know.  i think  when i think of machines,i think of japan.all those like telephones are japanese . and also the bed.these colors of bedare totally japanese. ?.o k.   can i ?i bought this card and  i don't like this. so can you exchange it?? you can't. right. it's ripped off. so .it's ripped off.so why can't you exchange it? it was in box and i can't open it. that's is shop rule. . stores' rule. . but you should. like you know,  i thought like most of the stores exchange those  broken stuff, so you should. like if you don't exchange it,   next time  i'm gonna buy in  another ... .yeah.. she's coming back?o k. so i'll just wait.o k.? yes.o k. i mean i don't actually remember it but i was in the shopping mall and i bought   i think  i bought the jeans. they're like  was   .then i went into the store, tried to exchange it. and she said, "o k, o k. fine.".she was like, "o k,  of course, i'm gonna change it."." that's .". i heard that some american people bought the party clothes, wear it, and just  exchange it.yeah.like, "what about those red spot  your ?". .yeah, like sometimes they're "yeah, i exchange it. and like three weeks .". " you're stupid," .makes me . the shop.  i think the people's too kind. ,"" too much.and like i don't like that in japan.like they care about us too much.and i want  like, "  leave me .like   i was like twelve years old then. they  treat me like  the pretty girls. and it's i'm not the old woman they treated me like " hi, there.". and, "good to see you.". like, "if you look around, ".and then i asked her like  what  and stuff.and she's  and she  ..o k. last week,  i went to the station  and   i mean,  the man pushed at me and my baggage was fall off  on the i mean,    railroad. then i shouted.  that  "it was your fault to drop the baggage.".then suddenly the train came  i thought the baggage was gonna   teared off.but didn't..  what is he ?  i don't know.  he tries to bring it up..and then my baggage was pretty safe.commute system?..and  people .but i think  they're exactly on time.. like  i do a lot of things.like listen to music or   like memorize some  for the tests or  study for . yeah, a lot. actually,   i don't know. i don't use any trains in america.just once or twice. subway..yes.it was colorful. i saw   i mean these posters,i like it. like . o k.yeah.dance for like two hours... yeah. they're the most largest   clubat school.  the  lock, which is like close to hip-hop.... thank you.thank you very much.