.yes. my name is . meet you. i feel really nervous about this test. thank you.yes. i live in .it takes me thirty minutes to come hereby train.yes. i enjoy the atmosphere of the . yes. i've been living in   for five years.and there is a big park  and   yeah, we sometimes enjoy taking a walk there.for example, in spring we can enjoy watching cherry blossoms.. and there are  play ground space,so my daughter often go there to play something  like  football or lacrosse.yes.  my daughter is a university studentand she is majoring in lawat the university. but this morning, we have very sad news  school because actually she  applied to the law school of but she failed. . so she was really shocked and she was crying over the phone this morning. .but she's gonna try to  take a exam   this year... yes. but she belongs to  lacrosse club at the university.so   actually she had been enjoying    playing lacrosse the team. . that's why she couldn't concentrate on  preparing herself for the entrance exam... i sometimes play tenniswith my friends. .when  i lived in  about ten years ago,we often played tennis,  because  it's to rent a court .actually  we were members of tennis club. so  yeah, i went to play tennis at least twice a week..  to play tennis, we only need a partner, we don't need to   gather a lots of people like football or lacrosse.  and if you are member of tennis club  in which there are      tennis courts with night  equipment, we can play any time you want.. so it's really handy. and after playing tennis,  it's really comfortable    and    very much. yes. .yeah, i can see a big house like an american house.  and in front of the house, a girl is     i don't know how to say in english, but playing  .and it's a sunny day. and there i can see two more boys  playing   with a ball.and  yeah. there is a man jogging  in front of the house. and  there are actually three dogs in this picture. two are  facing each other in front of the house and one is   just next to a woman who is talking to her neighbor. and  i can see a small white car in front of the house and on the top the car, a cat is sleeping really . and   in front of the house, there is a   i don't , that's the possibly  big white house. . .  .. . yes.  i lived in the north part of  called .so there is a big heath . so there are lots of people who are taking walk with their dogs..  so it's a really comfortable place. and in summer time,    they often have outdoor concert. . so people can listening to music sitting on the lawn  comfortably.so which was very fun.so there are many parks  in which people gather  after  no, . so  the life over there, it was more comfortable than  ...memorable .it's really difficult to pick up one memory.some event. .  we often had a home  partyat home.because  yeah, we lived in a big house . .so we enjoyed inviting people.   like a barbecue party . . and actually we lived in the  first floor  big .  and there is a  ground floor. and on that floor,   there was a man living alone. he liked  listening to opera .  actually i enjoy  england. but i didn't like listening to the music . .....o k.yes.  actually, i bought this pullover .but  could you please  change this with another one?.. but  yesterday, actually i didn't have enough time to  try it on.so i thought it was my size. but actually it was not.  so    could you please ask your manager if  you can exchange this to another please?.o k. so could you leave it with you,and please let me know if it is possible after   talking with your manager..o k.  can i leave my  telephone number?o k. you..yes.... how? of course i try   before i decide.. but  yeah,  i choose it by color or style instinctively.  doesn't take me time  decide. seldom want to exchange bought. ...o k.  last weekend, i and my friend, yuko  went camping. so we had been looking forward to it very much because   we planned it long time ago. and since  both of us were really busy, it was really difficult to meet   on a day .  so    as yuko has a tent, she brought her own tent and i prepared  food. so we packed lots of food and  tools . . when  we arrived in the camping site, the weather was really nice. so we set up a tent and started  cooking our dinner. but suddenly, it started raining. first, we thought it  was temporary raining. but  there was a thunder storm and  it seemed like a storm.so we decided to pack  every stuff  into my  car.  but  as the wind was too strong to   put all of them into the car, so  we were  struggling to gather them  scattering on the road.  when  we were  driving to find a place where we  took a rest, we found a nice hotel called "cosmos".so we decided to  stay in that hotel. fortunately, there was a room for us. so  we checked  in the hotel and finally,  we could relax, having a coffee after taking a shower..  . last trip?yes.  in december, i went to kyoto with my friend..  yeah, the day before we  left , it was snowing. so actually,  miss   from   event department,  it was   snowing and i heard it from miss , so i worried about the weather very much. but when  we arrived in kyoto, the weather was really fine.and we enjoyed  the scenery with snow. so it was  beautiful.... i .and the food is very good in .i like visiting there.. actually at that time, we went to kifune shrine in a so the road was still wetand it was difficult for us to up to the top of the shrine... .. yes. no.  i  we're  going out lunch.. but  yesterday, actually i had a  food poisoning stomach is not very good, so i want to eat .  digestion. ... . .