good afternoon.my name is .pretty good.how about you?i'm from   city in . about forty minutes. from my parents house to here? forty minutes.my family?  my family, my father,  about my family?    the member of my family is  my father, mother, two older sisters, and i. so the older sister lives in england.she, maybe, i guess,  she works  there and  as a  nursing handicapped people.  maybe.and  the younger sister is a nurse so, who works at  small hospital  near my parents house.they are pretty, i hope, i guess.free time? actually,    on saturdays, i sleep and sleep.    take a rest to relax, to get rid of my tiredness. and on sundays,    i go and drink with my co-workers or a lot of girl friends.   sometimes go to see the movies or   walk around in . i love .. because   my university is in  and  i lived by myself in kyoto, so  i know a lot of places to see and to go around in . good places. .lovely places.describe this picture?o k.      this is the place to skiing and there are a lot of ski players . some players are skiing and  one person is   sleeping there. and four children play the   snowboard games.     themselves.  and it's the other cottage, maybe  to eat something or to drink something. .  and    there is nobody   who ride the  ski lift  and  very beautiful.yes, of course.  three or four years ago. actually, basically, i don't like go skiing.  so,  a lot of friends  invited me to go there together. so, i had to go there.    the reason i don't like go skiing is  i can't understand why a lot of people like to go skiing instead of it's very, very cold.  i don't like cold weather, so i don't like go skiing basically.role-play?o k.yes.    i want to go overseas for traveling, and     i want you to advise me about  which area is better or    you can suggest... but i been to australia and new zealand and also thailand. so  i want to know there are information about pakistan.. so and, is that o k for me  to go there by myself? not tour,  private travel.is that o k?.  so  i want to reserve the  airplane ticket and hotels there, only that. so about how much  is that cost? i've heard that  the pakistan airline is very expensive. and are there some airlines  it can connect from japan to pakistan  directly?really?  so where the  country   it's   where the place i have to transit?so,  could you tell me the hours,   i mean  flight hours from japan to  pakistan?. so, and   what day of the week  i'll be able to  ride on the   airplane? o k. so,  i want to reserve the airplane ticket on  saturday.on saturday.  sorry,    i want to  for two people.thank you.thank you. the most exciting place i been  is in barcelona, spain.so,  there a lot of places to see.  have you ever heard the  mr. gaudy? so there're a lot of buildings mr. gaudy designed, and  one of them is called  sagrada familia palace or something like that.  it's very, very high    two hundred meters.and   it's still under construction. so  my girlfriend and i, so could climb to the   top of the tower, and   we can see  the scenery of all cities.yes..   her name is noriko.it's o k? noriko  wanted to buy some gifts for her husband, because  her husband's birthday is coming soon. so she went to department store to buy it. and she walked around there, and she decided to buy the  green tie for her husband and she bought it. and on her way home,   she found a  good shoes  which is  discounted thirty percent off sales. and so she also bought   the shoes for herself. and after that, she also found a  good clothes for her and it's fifty percent off price. so she also  had decided to buy it for herself. and she was very, very pleased to buy a lot of things. that's all.my ex-girlfriend?  i can't decide by myself. so  my girlfriend,  sorry  i go to the department store or   some shops with my girlfriend, and we decide, and after that, i buy that product for my girlfriend.this weekend. this weekend,  actually  i've not decided yet, but i want to see the movie "dinosaur". it looks very interesting for me so,   i might   go to see it there.i hope not..thank you very much.