.my name is .nice meeting you.i'm doing fine.but i have a   slight headache.i guess so. i have to because it's  really busy time  we have a deadline coming soon.i'm selling advertisement to the schools overseas. in major english speaking countries,  especially in  united states and canada.and  because  there is a   advertisement space in   the series of the  study abroad guide booksfor japanese students.and  so   most of the advertisers are schools who is  seeking for the japanese student into their   universities and colleges. and also language schools.i think so because i prefer to communicate with the people outside the japan.so basically  i'd like to live in   different countries,experiencing a different cultureand people, the way of thinking and living.and that's exciting . so i wish  i could go back to  . first  three years and half, i lived in   like a  suburban area on .like  twenty minutes    north of by car.and so but it's already a kind of very rural setting.  so you have to have the carto live there. otherwise you can't survive. so  but i quite often go to  by train.but  train service   yeah, is just  an hour. so and it's  kind of very slow train. so it's takes nearly fifty minutes to get to the     . so it's not really convenient. because  it's so energetic.i feel energy when i step in ,  immediately  i feel  energy of the people living there. and  they are really active.and     also very focussed. many of the people   working there have  like  their objectivesclearly.   and  making efforts to achieve them.so i feel energy of those people and i like that. since this is my mother country,i can't say i don't like it here. it's o k to live herebecause i'm, anyway, japanese.and my  parents are also living here.   for them, they're very happy because  i came back here and   since especially because i'm a only child. so they're really happy  because i came back. but to me,   it's  not really so exciting so if i could go back to  or maybe  now i prefer to live some country in a europe.yeah... people are skiing. and also   does the snowboard  though little children are enjoying   playing,  throwing a snowballs  with each other. and also the young people are skiing   and  one person in the field on the snow  the  asking for help. and also there is the snowman here. and   a few people are having   coffee inside  the log house., i think  that's all. not really,.i think  i'm healthy by nature.and i seldom get cold.and so  without doing anything, i just stay healthy.so but  because of my age, i guess,  i started to gain my weight. so actually just yesterday, i just joined a sports club.because i really feel i have to do some exercise  you know, daily basis.so  to keep my health    to the future  i'm getting old and have to keep my health.and  so i can't count on just myself doing without anything. so i think i really need  a little exercise .i have to pay the fee.and the monthly fee and  there're like  handling fee.and also i had to write down the application. and  but it's wouldn't open until  the first of april .it's right in  where i'm living.so it's pretty close to my apartment so the accessibility is   most important to me. it has to be in my vicinity can go there quite often  even after i work.and  so  usually i finish working like   at eight thirty at night. so after that, even just a little bit, maybe i just go to the sports club and do some exercise for the fifteen minutes or twenty minutes, .and go home.yeah...  .yes.yes, this is .yes. .yes, i'm doing fine. how are you? yes. i'm  very sorry that i couldn't make itbecause  i had a bad  headache and  i think i had a cold.and i feel feverso i thought i shouldn't go there because  maybe  some other people catch cold from me. .yes, i'm really sorry about that.but please invite me  next opportunity.?.. that's a really surprise to me, too. i didn't expect that you're gonna hold a surprise party . i have never experienced that such a thing. so  i have no idea.  in that case,   maybe i have to ask some other people that to bring the  some cake  to my apartment. and  i really  apologize for that...yeah. even without me,  i'm sure you can enjoy.i'm sorry .thank you. not really. not in japan.but when i was living in the united states, yes, sometimes i did. but it's not something really special, but just bring some cooking  or  sweets to the friend's house.and like a it's a potluck party.and  just   we enjoy chatting with  each other and playing some little games yeah. and just being with  close friend,  it's really enjoyable..yeah.right.  i think american people really like to surprise people.yes. like  you said,  like   they really like to plan like a surprise party. even for the colleagues.even  not the member of the family, even just for colleagues, and also of course for the close friends or lovers, you know.  they often set up a surprise party and  so give a big surprise to the loved one. so i think that's a big difference.   at least among my  japanese friends,i haven't heard they planned a surprise party  for their friends or family. ..., one day last week,     a young man driving a car. and  at the same time,  another man was  driving a   motor cycle and  while   speaking with his   girlfriend   over  a cell phone.and    he is  heading into the the other way. and but at the spot,  the car and the motorcycle hit with each other.   and   the driver of the car got really angry  because   the cause of the accident was because  the driver of the  motorcycle is   talking to  his girlfriend over cell phone and    wasn't very careful about where  he is heading to. so that's the cause of the accident,    the man   claims. and  the police man came and    and he explains the cause of the accident. and the police man was writing down the details. and then  eventually the  motorcycle  how could i say,  were taken away by the police,. i didn't know this is the the end of the story. ..not really.. usually eat out with my colleagues.... that's true. and i guess my favorite place is manpuku.it's a little chinese restaurant.they serve a really good food.yes.yes..o k.