yeah.good afternoon.yeah. my name is .i'm fine. and how are you?..   it's    economics.yeah..  my father also  majored in economics.so i also interesting it.yeah.yeah.yeah.  i live  with my family  in , .  my family consist of  five members, my grandparents, my father and my elder sister and i.and  my father is about fifty years old. and he is a business man.and my   elder sister is  four  older than i. and she graduated the university this march. and she start working from this april.yeah.yeah.   .    sometimes  i think it's  difficult.  because they are old, so  they can't  do  as they think. but  they have   much experiences.  so it's very useful for me.and often, they told me a lot of things,about life and people, about study.yeah.yeah..     i am in the judo club. so   i go home very late .so i seldom  talk to them.but on weekends, i help them      with them.    for example,      i read newspaper for them.yeah.yeah.  i'm in  club.? .  club is very traditional club. ... yeah..     is very  hard sports.but     i can  threw people   by ,and ...   i like     kousei inoue..yeah.yeah.   there are  house. and in front of house,  children playing with balls. and two dogs are  talking. and one people is running. and two women are talking. . one of them  keep dogs. and there are car in front of them.  on the car, there are cat.   and there are   four trees.  and  the other side  there are bench. and on the bench,  one man  is reading a newspaper. .yeah.yeah. yeah.. yeah..  near my house, there are no trees and no grasses.  but  in the picture, there are many trees and grasses.  so i think i want to live  like this home.  and  house and house are very  far.    my house and  next house is very near.and i can hear next house's  voice, children's   noise and t v sound...yeah.     brothers  much fight and  shouts.    and they   in the house. so when  i'm studying,   i get very angry.yeah.yeah. .o k.yeah..yeah.  i want to go to new york by train.but  i have no time. so i want to go there  as soon as possible.and    what kind of train do i have to  take?yeah.yeah.yeah.yeah. and price of tickets  is  different?yeah.      which of three trains    arrive   most   earliest,to new york?yeah..  but i don't have so much money.yeah. yeah. how much  is   super express tickets?fifty dollars?and express is ?forty. and local?twenty-five. . and       when super express   reach new york?.and about    express train?thirty. yeah? so    yeah, please   .yeah.yeah..yeah. but i'm in judo club, so i don't have so much time .train?  travel?yeah.trip.    except of camp?      yeah, judo camp.yeah.  i went to  toyama and niigata,during summer vacation,  in august.yeah. for a week.yeah.   first, we went to toyama by train.and we are  there  for  five days.  and then on fifth day,  we went to niigata from toyama,by train...practice was very hard.yeah.yeah.yeah.?yeah.yeah.yeah..  one day.yeah.. last week,   i? i went to see movie with my friends. and  we reached the theater  before three minutes  to start the movie. so we don't have so much time. but my     wanted to drink and eat  popcorn. so we bought juice and popcorn.  then, we went to  inside,  the movie   had already started. so  i didn't see a movie      beginning   about three minutes. but i don't care. . and movie was so-so. so  we want to more interesting things. so  after seeing movie, we went to  .yeah... yeah.  but   in my room. .    video tape.yeah. .    i like  old movies.yeah.   but old means  three or four years ago. but  i bought   v t r.so  recently,so i want to .. no. and      my favorite and their favorite is  different..yeah.yeah.  i have  two classes. and after that, i go to  . about   thirty members.  and   five members are women.yeah. .yeah...