. my name is ..yeah. thank you. my mom. when i ask her, she said it fits my face but i don't know.i'm in the second year. i'm in football club.and    it's o k here . it's not really strict..clothes.right. like other schools,  like they maybe strict to uniforms. but here, even if you come in your own clothes, though they do care but they don't really say much.because when i was in germany, my mom's friend found this school and i looked at the  and  school was interesting.i could get into here just by writing essays .and i was in england.i lived  in england for about five years.  i got used to english by like   playing football.because that's the only thing i could do. i could only say like, "yes" or "no". like by enjoying school life there, to it . and i could speak just normal, daily-lifeenglish in about a year.can't compare, but i think i prefer germany.because it's cleanerand maybe it fits me. i did like england but maybe i thought germany fit better. mainly food.in england, just like food is like i wouldn't say delicious, but in germany but there are like many food,  not horrible..like here, it's like everyday there's something to do. so it's busy and like all the studies.i did study there but not the schedules aren't bad as here.yeah.. looks like a math classwith a student who is concentrating on work but there are some people who are playing around,listening to music. this class looks like .yeah.maybe. looks it's more free.   the teacher seems doesn't care .. . not exactly but .because i think that in japan, the teachers don't really care about students like that during class. some teachers do but mostly.in england or germany, all joined in. and we all talk together.and   it's more free but  everyone's concentrating on this lesson teacher makes it interesting,.the most impressive?. maybe history  music or history.it was like they made me compose music.so .like the teacher was like really good in music.and it was just three people in a class, so like if you like music a lot, it's very interesting class, you learn about music in whole world  and like get to know many instruments of the .o k.o k.. i bought this stuff and i brought to back home but i didn't really like it. so could you exchange it back to my money?but i've already bought it just  .but  i never really opened it .so. i bought a book.but when i wanted to read it, and i opened it. the front cover was a little .  i've already decided my mind to buy it so it was    i never really bothered to check it. .o k. . i was in a hurry. and it was present for my mom.and i didn't really have the time for the party. .o k.... not really.yeah..clerk. where?.  i think in japan, it's more kind.but maybe too kind.because whenever i like go into like clothes shops, it's like they just  go over to me and ask me like "what size would you like?". "if you want to try out for that?". but  over there, it's like you can just they don't really talk to you.except when you ask something about   i think shop over there .so   make the conversation? a man called john was driving down the road.there was another man called paul riding on his bike, talking to his girlfriend.then suddenly the two crashed. and  paul's phone dropped on the road. and it broke. and paul said to john that it's his fault  phone broke.  and then police comes. but john says that he shouldn't be talking on the phone while driving.and  then finally,    bike got taken overand    ended happy. the driving on the car . he's talking on the phone.from picture  it looks like the car crashing with the bike, somaybe the car could have been more careful. talking on the cell phone?. yeah. e-mail.maybe writing e-mails are a lot cheaper.and maybe  you can just talk when you are free. on the phone,it cost more. both of them have to be, like you know, free in time to talk .but e-mails are like you can  back reply when you have time. like if you talk to friends in schools, maybe   i just e-mails but  if you don't meet that someone a lot, you don't talk to he or her maybe phone is better. but he's like far away, maybe e-mails. i might  just go to club butif i don't, i just go back home and studybecause, yeah.math. next ..i don't think i'm that good but i don't think it's  bad maybe.. o k.thank you.