hi. . my name is .. sure.good, thank you. how are you?great.i live in   about fifteen minutes from here by train. and yeah, i take  subway  around twenty minutes in the morning. .. not very far. . sure.  is   residential area.  it used be  a bit risky, not safe area, but recently many shops are coming in, and  nice shopping area as well. so i really like living there. we got   not a house but apartment  after marriage. and we've been there for  four years. yeah. .. i heard, but when we moved in,  it had been already developed well. yeah. but some peoples says that  there're many drinking places so  some old guys drink from day time, and  some drunken guys around the station, they used be. yeah. marriage, yeah. we met in  states in .  the first time, we met at  golf driving range. i was really bad at golf at the time.  my husband  to be at that time, found me, and, "what a awful golfer," he thought. and then he started teaching me, that was the first time we met. and then we came back together. and  i started working for , and my husband works for a construction company in japan. then after two years, we got married.yeah.  together. there?  fortunately, they had the same research program as what i studied in tokyo. and they had    the same research program, and my professor in tokyo  offered me to do the same researching in the states. and  i was really interested in studying abroad. so yeah, i asked him, "can i go there, and  do the same research, and bring back for my master degree?". so it was really lucky for me. . it has been four years.yeah. and actually i studied the biochemistry and  now i'm doing  marketing so totally different. but the  doesn't really  care what your background is. and actually  in terms of research, it's the same of the marketing method and  biochemistry method. you make a hypothesis, and research, and prove, then next step. so the step is the same. only the difference is  bacteria or human beings. so that's the difference i find.yeah.. so far. yeah.o k.o k.  here, this is a ski slope in a winter mountain. and plenty of snow and  plenty of skiers there. some people  skiing. and some people are playing with  the snowballs throwing each other.  there is the cottage, and a couple is enjoying  the coffee, and maybe chatting together. and one of the skiers are in the snow with one of the skies off from his foot. and maybe he needs help, but no one is approaching to him. and  one of the skiers,  not ski, he's not on the ski, but  snowboard. and he's enjoying snowboarding in  deep thick snow. and no one is on the chairs. so i guess  this ski slope is not so crowded. and on the right hand side, there is a coach.  i guess he is the coach because he's  giving a sign to one of the girls  approaching to  the coach and the other students. and she looks a bit nervous. she's just staring at her  front, just watching straight and trying to keep her  .o k.yeah. i love it.yeah.  i used to belong the ski team.yeah. i skied was in nagano. it was in  shigakogen. it's a big big snow slope. and  you can spend like three days trying all the chairs. it's a huge mountain, and it's one of my favorite place.yeah.i used to be. beginner..  actually,   i used to do  instructor, and  one of  the best method i thought was  start skiing without the poles. because if you have poles on your hands, then your focus is both on your skies and poles. and you're more likely destructed. but without poles, you can really concentrate on the    foot and  skies. so it's the better way to start skiing. and also you feel really  afraid when you first try the chairs.   when you sit down on the chairs, and also take off the chairs,  some beginners  get the poles stuck on the snow, and some people really  getting trouble sticking on the poles and your body  stuck on the poles, and  finally chairs stop. and people start complaining to you. so the best way is without poles. yeah. after one day,  yeah, you can ski without poles. you should try it..o k. ? .silently.o k. sure.hello.   this is  speaking.hi.  i'm sorry you kindly invited me to your dinner party, but i couldn't make it.  actually i really feel sorry. but  actually my mom got sick last night, and  this morning,    i visited her. but  her condition was really in  bad. and i took her to the hospital, and   she needed to go straight to  the intensive care room. so  i needed to be with her. and i try to call you, call you, call you. but maybe you were busy preparing for the dinner party. .yeah. i knew. i really feel sorry. really? ?.yeah, that's  why we got so surprised and shocked. because  she was in a good shape during the day time. and late night,  she suddenly  felt sick, and my father called me and something wrong  is happening on my mom. and   he needed my help. and  i went to her house. and it was really sudden  accident, and we haven't really found out what happened. but  i feel sorry, and next time  i'm eager to  join your party if possible.  could you invite me for the next time? yeah,  you are the first one i called since last night, and yeah, maybe  i will see them this week. and  i will apologize from my side as well. so yeah, i know that the party was really important, and i was looking forward to it. and hopefully by the next friday, if my mom will get better. .yeah. that'll be great.., and sorry. bye..o k. i love it.  i like talking to many people.sorry?? yes.  since i came back from the states, i often hold a home party.  because i learned how to  have a home party in the states. it's not very formal. just  with the close friends. and some people don't know  other people in the party, but it doesn't matter, they can  introduce each other. then just chatting, chatting, and  drink, and eat. that's a nice  chance to see each other. and sometimes i'm really surprised at the, for example, you have not met  my friends, but  coincidentally, you know someone who they know really well. and then they start  next conversation, and   have the common  stories, and, " did you know her?". and  you get surprised, but it's a  nice surprise  to develop the  other stories as well. so that's the good thing to have a home party, and invite the different kinds of friends.yeah.o k...o k.   a guy was driving  his orange car, not very big,  tiny, but looks comfortable car.  then from the other side, another guy on the bike was coming talking on his mobile phone,  talking to maybe his girlfriend. he looks so happy. then the next moment, the orange car hit  the back of the bike, and the biker dropped his mobile phone. they got surprised at the same time. of course, the biker got mad. he looked really angry, and started complaining, " shame, it's my bike got broken. the back of the bike is totally broken. also my mobile is broken.". then the driver in the orange car  pick up the mobile phone. and the police came to the two, and  started  taking a note of their dictation. the driver started  explaining what happened holding the mobile phone of the biker. the biker doesn't seem happy, of course. then  after police  finish the dictation, the big truck came to  pick up the broken bike. and the biker   was watching the truck taking his bike maybe to the garage. the biker look a bit sad  having his  helmet on his hands. .yes, i have. yes. i should know. .o k.  when you have an accident on a street, first,  you have to pull over on the street, and  you have to stop. then  get out of the car. and, o k, this is the situation when you hit the  other person. then  of course the other person is supposed to be  around  my car. then we have to call first to the police  wherever or whenever. then you should be there.  you shouldn't change anything because  proof must be there. then when the police  arrived to your site, then start explaining. but they say  exceptionally,  the other person is injured or if you are injured, then call police, and at the same time, you have to call to the emergency  to have a emergency car. and  if it is really urgent, you need to do something on the other person. then you should do  like  heart pressing or  urgent   take care  for the other person. but the basic  rule is to call to the police.  i don't wanna have  .o k. after work today,  tonight  i'm visiting my parents. they live just ten minutes bike .it's so convenient. and my husband works late on weekdays. so i have a choice to spend night at their house or my house or staying here for later.thank you.thank you very much.