yeah.  i am .yeah.nice to meet you. very well. yeah. good. great. ?yeah, very hot.  not so much. i like winter. because    i love skiing  skating. and i like snow.yeah. i'm not sure, but my father also like snow and skiing. and i respect my father, and also my mother like    , sorry,  skiing and snow. originally , but    i have lived in  and .yeah. and . .yeah.yeah. but   o k,  my life story.  from,  zero years old to three years old,  i lived in . and   i don't have     memory  not so much, but  from two years,   seven years old, i lived .  this four years,   many times   i went to skiing  about   shiga kogen in nagano or myoko also nagano. the memory in childhood is very  important for     my mind because    i lost my mother at  twelve years old. . and   i don't have so much memory   with my mother.  because  my childhood memory is very important, and i like  skiing.yeah. yeah.  it's very difficult   it's not  rationalism. it's in very  emotionally, but   so first of all,  my father have two child, and  he tried to grow two child  only  one parent. and   i have been in a  public college.   it's very expensive. yeah.  but my father said   a little  word, " it's very expensive.  o k. you can go.".    it's very lucky for me. yeah.   and  also he has  very   strict aspect for child.   so  i wonder, discipline. yeah.  but discipline is very important  for child,  but    my father   give us very good discipline.yeah. and  it's the reason for respecting for my father.yeah.describe? o k. this girl is very beautiful. and maybe this room is  only for her 'cause  just one bed and just one desk. and  sorry,  this room is for her and  two animals.  the one is  kitten?  maybe cat  and another is  big dog. and it's  maybe in winter.   he wear in sweaters.      and  the cat is very lazy. yeah, but  maybe this room has the air conditioner 'cause  he wear very short skirt.yeah. and  it's wrong because the calendar is in .yeah.yeah. and       maybe her parents is  rich because he had  just personal computer  just for her, and    i wonder the correct name,  stereo system and type writers  and  personal phone. yes. . . my?       let me see.   i had the personal phone  in my room, but  it's not       no, no, no not network    sorry,   let me say  in japanese.   it's .   not .yeah. cellphone? cellphone? ?  i think the cellphone is better because  it's very handy.  and the  is just only  my house. but cellphone is  not only in my house.  yeah.    i have it. .yeah. many bad things.   it's  confusing  so for example, in the crowd. and so  sometime   a phone  calling for someone,   it's not me, but, " it's my phone. .". very confusing.     and    it's very  uncomfortable. yeah.   certainly it's very convenient, but uncomfortable because anytime and anywhere    anyone calls me  not anyone,  anyone who then not know my  cell phone number...sherlock homes?. sherlock homes?role play?.o k i want to go to new york as soon as possible.     sorry,  what kind of ticket  i should buy?.   the   fastest ticket.super express?  how much is?fifty dollars?   o k. i want to buy.yeah.it's left? o k.   what time is the next one?pardon?local? o k. .one hour? .   you don't have any faster than local one?express train.one and a half hour. but    the arrival timing is matter,  departing time is not matter.o k? which is faster?express?.  i want to buy express one.yeah. o k.  just one way and one person.?thirty dollars?o k.thanks.thanks.yeah.   two years ago, i had home stay in australia.  just six weeks.and  last year,      i visited in    .yeah. and  we have big earthquake in turkey.it's very in trouble.turkey?  i want to go to istanbul.yeah.    i had guessed   istanbul is very beautiful and very historical place. " i want to go.".      after be there,  certainly,  they're beautiful and historical, but it's very noisy.  but very good place, istanbul. and  do you know the name of cappadocia? cappadocia is  world heritage. yeah.   not cultural heritage,  just  natural heritage. it's very good.yeah.pardon?earthquake?     sorry    earthquake had not  stroked me.    i was in very far place.  maybe  four hundred kilometers from istanbul.yeah. i'm very lucky.yeah.yeah.  but in turkey,  just i   traveling. yeah.yeah. very exciting..    may i hear the  explaining again?just story?  yeah.make up?  o k. make up.   o k.  maybe he name is masao.yeah? and   he must be masao's uncle.yeah. and   masao  came to the   uncle's town. and uncle   inviting  to lunch with masao.  yeah,   maybe he had  reserved in special restaurant,  i guess. and  he is very rich. " masao, o k.   you can order anything.". " anything? very good.". .  " mademoiselle,  the most expensive one, please.". " masao,  o k, i say  you can order anything.". " thank you, my uncle.".   and  they enjoyed   the lunch very good. and  masao feels full, and    something like a rich. "yeah.     i'm full and very good lunch.". and    masao's uncle   must be    sorry,   a little emotion of  regret. " masao.". but    it's very fun, and     they had fun time,   after the luch,     they  go to   ..yeah.pardon?  ?? yeah. . . my trip is very  cheap trip.yeah. but   i don't have  special memory for foods.     turkey have very   cheap  bread. so    we call it  in japan.   you have any small computers? o k.      the one   french bread is maybe  ten yen.yeah. very cheap.yeah.   ten yen? no. twenty yens. yeah. also cheap. but    , but it's very cheap and very good taste because  turkey have good  flour. and    the good flour is necessity  for the  good bread.  yeah. and    because of good flour,    .yeah.    sorry,     next sunday,  the   two days after,   i will go to nobeyama.you know nobeyama?    around the border of  yamanashi prefecture and nagano prefecture.  the nobeyama is very famous for       the place of producing  lettuce..     i will go to the     farm,  and   i will do part-time job in  the farm.yeah.thanks so much.