hello.yes. my name is .nice to meet you, too.yeah. i'm  fine, thank you. but   it's cold today, so i feel    not too good. now, o k. .yes.   i was born   in oita prefecture inkyushu. and  i have  an old brother, and he works   in the bank in oita prefecture. and my father    works in jewelry shop, and   he works for twenty or twenty-five years for  about jewelry. and my mother   is hairdresser, and,   , she works also twenty or  twenty-five years as a hairdresser.yeah. . not too much.  i'm interest in business..yeah, yeah. first of all,  i'd like   to do the business of  import and export because   i lived in france for one year for study french language.  and there, i  worked  in the   wine celler.  i worked as interpreter for  export  for   their product. and, when i came back to japan, i looked the wine which  i worked  for import, and it was very interesting me. so i choose  this company for working in the import and export domain.my hobbies?yeah.  i like  sports like baseball and rugby, football or swimming  skiing, yeah. this seasons,   i'm very fond of the skiing...   now  i'm interest in skating. so figure skating?yeah, because it's very beautifulfor watching.  even  they  puts the shoes  for skating,     they're look like  just walking or dancing, so i'm interesting in.so-so.like olympic player. .yes.yes.  it is  one day of the  countryside in the united states.    and,  in the weekend,   they spend their time slowly. for example,  one man is jogging  on the road, and some boys   are playing   with ball. and   some women  are talking about their family, and some dogs   are talking about  their things.  and,  in the right side, one old man is reading the newspaper,    and the cat  is sleeping on the car.   and  the sun  is shining.  that's all.yeah.yes.. i remember,    yes,    it's almost the sameas  this picture. but the difference   is      the house in france    is smaller than this one general. .     the big difference is   there are few car which are parking  on the road.in france, everywhere,  we can find the car which parking  on the road.yes.  every side. yes,  yes,   it's not illegal..yes.   comparing with japanese  culture,  the big difference is   how we spend the time. and,  they spend the time very slowly,   for example, they eat the dinner for two or three hours  with talking about  their things.   and  another example is that  the office  will start  about nine o'clock and   close the lunch   at twelve. and then,  they start  two p m  for afternoon. and  they finish   five o'clock in  every office. so it's very relaxing. everyday..yes.yes.sorry,  may i have your name, please? sorry. ..yes. hello.   this is .. how are you?. yes. very fine.and, ,    this weekend,  what will you do? really? how about     the film?       i'd like to go  to watch the film with you.   how about your schedule? ?o k. so,  which is the  your best,  sunday or saturday??and sunday afternoon o k for you?o k. and   which place is the best for you  umeda or shinsaibashi, which one  ?shinsaibashi.o k. do you know  the  vuitton store in shinsaibashi?? o k.   so, one o'clock p m,  in front of   vuitton shinsaibashi. ?o k..?yes.   it's good question.     have you watched    the film of miyazaki hayao?. really?sorry.  how about  the "vanilla sky"? .really? o k, o k. yeah, because it's  very famous.yeah. and, do you have   some film which  you like to watch?yes, yes. it's o k.. yes. o k. my friend said it's very good film. o k. so we'll go to watch the "harry potter".yes.one o'clock. .see you.. thank you.good-bye.yes,  yeah, i like  very much "harry potter".. yeah,  i have already watched.  . it remind me    my stay in france    because    the scene of   the town   is similar french one. and   i like the story,  yeah,  yeah,   because  it  me   something like dream.yeah. every day,  i think of  the business every time.      so, if something   let me think about something dream, it's very  relaxing for me.yes... o k.o k. o k. one day last week, i met my uncle  in shinsaibashi.  it was   long time to no see   with him.  and my uncle   invited me to dinner  in the restaurant. and we went to the  japanese style restaurant. it means  it can drink some alcohol and we can eat some japanese  or  food.       and, when we entered the restaurant, one boy    asked us   if  we smoke or not.  and we asked   we didn't smoke. and then,  we sit down  the table.   and, after discussing  about the menu, we order    the beer and some  and some food like salad and fried chicken.  and we talk about many things like the family or my studies and his business, and so on.   and,    after eating  the dinner, i was very   satisfied   with     the dinner.  and then,  we said, "good-bye.".  and it was very good day, yes.yes.yes. .yes. .yes.  depends on situation.. if   i have the dinner with my girlfriend, a bottle of wine with her.. if i drink with my friend,i'd like to drink . speed are very rapid..yeah, thank you.