yes.  hello, my name is . nice .i live in in   prefecture.yes.  sorry, i couldn't understand what the term mean. .. really. yes.   is   very commercial  town with some long times ago.    edo ages. now   near  from  city. is   very    sorry. yes, with my family.. o k.   i married  about twenty-three years ago. and my husband and my three daughter and then my parents-in-law,now.. she is very  musician and  she likes  music and play the piano now.  she  teaches piano children.  only listening..  my hobbies is  write fairy tale.it's my   important hobbyfor me in my life.and i continue till die i want to do and studying and write a simple and  storyfor children..   maybe honest and very  difficult things at   simply,and then i  love that. yes.yes..o k.yes.   i thought this couple is and    for  wedding  nearly fifteen years .and fifteen years passed and   they enjoy dinner with their husband and their wife. and  nice scene on dinner  listening to piano  quiet sound.  so very peaceful sound in  this place.but everybody now without children. they spend their own time. .  nice dinner and almost all i make the special dinner for  family.dinner.  two months ago, . sushi.  my family went to sushi barspecial.  delicious sushi,we ate. enjoy.yes. yes.. o k. yes.      could you  find    stone brooch?  i looking for the brooch  with stone   the color is blue  on a very  simple only stones, and shape is round. .. and the size is  two inches in  size.  very simple.only  blue stone.  i like this one. the costs is important for me.. about  ten thousand yen..twelve thousand?. i prefer this  ten thousand yen.yes. i want.yes.yes. thank you very much. . is it very suit me?thank you.yes.thank you very much.yeah. very difficult.     if i buy the accessory, i take so many times.. and one times   ten years  used  to buy      very difficult to my desire accessory. even if  i want to buy, go to shoppingin the center, but  nothing.very difficult. . almost my  antique accessory..  i looked so far.yeah, i like .yes.yes.yes.yeah.yes.miss  yuri and makoto,       they were going to go to see the movie.at that days  .  on the way,  they    heard so strange voice. and makoto,  "what's the sounds"?     they heard the sound with rain sound. and  yuri    look out to the  street  kitty cat to live. . " that's so poor cat.  you are alone.  what can i do? i want to go with this cat". but, makoto, "no, no, no, no, we will going to go to movie, enjoy our time.". "but the cat is alone, in rain, no food. i'll go back with     to this cat.".  makoto worry  but  they decided  pick up the cat and they go back  with   cat   under one umbrella. .yes, i have pets. yeah. dog.yes. the dog is very clever dog. the dog is       she doesn't recognize she is dog. she is daughterwith the my family.i have three daughters,but my youngest daughter say the dog's name miffi.   miffi's my sister.my sister, but miffi  say with eyes .. my youngest  name  . is my sister.very clever. , when she  like youngest daughter ,  she was three years old, miffi played with her.for example  like   rope,pick  and pullthe rope  with , and miffi and       hide  big car's  shadow. miffi looking .. .and miffi can play with . amazing.yes..sorry, i couldn't understand.yes.yes..  yes. especially just  walking with  my husband.my husband    , go to shopping   with miffi.  they quickly walking, running.she is waiting every day..thank you very much.