o k. my name is . nice to meet you, too. too bad. because  i'm suffering from terrible hay fever this season. and also i'm very busy for my work.so i'm very tired .? sorry?  i always  use the mask    and also i take a drug for hay fever  every day in a morning and in evening.so i'm very sleepy.   i'm a system consultantabout the financial market. i always  consult the  financial system for  the client.and also i design the system and develop the system.   and  when the project start,  i'll be a project manager to control the projectmanage the person and cost.? hobby?      my hobby is to play tennis.but   i seldom play tennis  currently. because  i have a daughter.   so on the weekend,  i always   play  with my childto go to the park.so i seldom play tennis.  o k.    my daughter age is  two years old. and    she speaks japanese currently.  and also       she have learned japanese for two years.    i also learn  english. but  she speaks japanese well. but  . and  she is very prettyand very interesting.so   i enjoy   to play with her. .thank you..o k.  there is a white car. the cat on the car. and   it clear day. and  i   imagine that   it's very  comfortable. and  many person play with the garden. and  also the women  talked each other.   and the   man run on the road. and i can see  white big house. and  there are lot of tree on the garden.  i think    there are bigger house than japan. . neighbor?  my neighbor? my neighborhood?    i don't know where the people live  next to my house. because  i living in the    apartment. and in tokyo,   i seldom meet the person  who lives  next door.so i don't know the person.around house?  i living in the  very big  apartmentand which is constructed     by japan   named "".. but facility is   . quite well   than the other   rent housei think.role-play?.o k. i'd like to   go to the abroad. so   where would you recommend?   i'd like to relax. so if possible,    i'll go to the  sea.  and i can see the blue sky and blue sea.yeah. but  i don't like crowded place. so do you have any other plan ?mexico?  it's a first time. so  i think it's very interesting for me.  but   i have a holiday only one week. so   where would you recommend  in mexico?. mexico?  o k.    in mexico,  what is the weather in this season?hot?hot?    hot? what is the temperature?thirty degrees? . what is the difference  between japan and mexico in this season about weather?yes.dry? o k.      i only have a t-shirts and short pants, i think.  and   i have a plan to go abroad with my wife and two-years-old daughter. so  which is the good place in mexico?...o k. .thank you.. very difficult. yes.memorable place?memorable place?   o k.    i sometimes went to  london    sorry  on business, so   when i went to london     three years ago  on july,    many foreigner     doesn't work  overtime.  so when the work finished,   i always  went to the wimbledon to see the tennis. it's a  very interesting experience ..o k.    i'll be a boy. i'll be a boy. i met my father   every once a year  at my birthday. and   my father   chose the restaurant to celebrate my birthday. and   we  entered the restaurant. and  my father   confirm the  reservation. and   we sat down the seat  and     i choose   about the meal.  and also    i asked about the menu    to the waitress and  i said, " what do you recommend?   what is the today's special?".  today's special was the  chicken fry    and fish. so  we choose it. and    we enjoy to eat dinner with my father. and   i was full.   and also  i cannot pay the money, because my father paid it.  so   i'm very satisfied.  and  when the dinner was finished,   i   said good-bye.yes.yeah, i sometimes go go to the restaurant with my wife and daughter on weekend.because   my wife  is very tiredon weekday      to play with my child.so    i sometimes  take care my wifeand also my child.so  on the weekend,  i go to the restaurant..     i choose the   japanese restaurant   named "yumean".do you know it? no?.    in yumean  we can choose  various japanese foods.and not so expensive.so       we choose    some big dishes and share the meal with my wife and daughter. i hope. ? i don't have any planyet. no. not today.     so  i'll go to my home.but  my wife and daughter   is not my home now. because   we have a new baby at the beginning of april. so today,   they went to her parents' house in kyoto.yes.yeah.so i'm alone.yes. thank you very much. .