yes. my name is .nice to meet you, too.yes, sure.i'm from .  i live with my family in , i was born in , i grew up till five years old.because of my father's business..he works in a japanese dairy company.i think so.  i have one brother in .he got job in  and he just moved today.but, he often visits my house. . for shopping or  he is missing in my family..hobbies? yes. i love to draw something,and i want to get a job about artistic things.and, i often go to cinema to watch movies. i draw quite abstract art. so,    no one can understand . just,  i can't draw a real thing,  i just draw with crayon on a color papers.  actually,  i took lesson of dessin real things, i don't like it  yeah, i think if i learn such things very often, i can draw.but, it's not interesting for me..  i want to draw my mind or my opinion,so it's not good to just draw somethings just real things, or trees.weekends.  i have lesson on saturdayas well, and on sunday, usually i'm at home  to spend time with my family.for example,  watching video with my mama or cook with her.. yeah.yes,  actually, my mom cook and i just help her.yeah. sure. . i think this is  quite country side, and on sunday, because there are a lot of children or man or woman.it's quite quiet place, and it's very fine day.  sun is shining, and  childrens are playing with ball or rope. and, two woman talking on the road, and one lady has got a dog. and   one man is running, and he is sweating. and there is another man and he is reading a newspaper in his garden, sitting on the bench.. and, there are many animals, too. and, three dogs and a cat.it's very peaceful scene and  i think it's very quiet and safe place to live in..yes..  especially in winter, it snows very, very often in , so almost every day, we have to remove snow of door.otherwise, we can't get out of the house. and there,  much less amusement place in than  .so,    we didn't go to amusement park so often. but,  sometimes, we went to the center of ,  or .  we could enjoy   and  had a happy time.i like   and my grandparents live there now.  and just few minutes from my grandparents house,there is a sea, so it's very beautiful and i like it.o k.  o k. i'm ready.hello.  i bought  this shirt yesterday, but when i got back home and looked again,  i find i didn't like it. so, can i exchange or could you pay back the   fee?  but,   i don't like it, and i never wear it. so, it's not good for your shop as well..o k. so, could you call somebody who can decide the things.o k. so,  when will he come back here?in two weeks? o k. i will come here two weeks later and ask him. ?o k. .. you.. you.no, not .   first, i think  very well before i buy something.so,  i didn't do such a mistake.i think i will do the same thing. i'll go to the shop and ask somebody to pay back..  i don't like many people,so i don't like the place  a lot of people. so, i don't like shibuya or harajuku. so,    usually, i go to yokohama area,and there are a few people in department store.. yes. . , i don't wear such      short skirt  you know,  thick sole boots.... o k.  one day last week, i went to the station to take a train to  go to my company. and on the ,  there's a man    he has got big action. and  he  touched my  elbow very strongly, so i dropped my bag  on the rail. so, i complained him about what happened. but, he didn't care at all. so,  i called the  station man, and asked him to take my bag to me. and,  the bag  is safe and     i got that bag again.    and i hold that bag very carefully and tight, and take my train and go to the company safely. i don't like it, so  i'm afraid if i got job, and every day, i have to go to the rush hour train,and   i feel ill.. i don't want to  maybe at the cinema company  and  i want to work at  some gallery museum.. i want to be a drawing .  and i want to draw something and c d jacket book cover.... o k. i advise him not to stand  too close from the .so,  if somebody touched him very strongly,  if he stands far from the ,  he will not drop the . i go back to the room. i mean the circle's room.and, we are planning to do .i don't know.  just before  i came here,i visit the room, but nobody was ready for it.so maybe, i have to do it. .thank you very much.