.yes, my name is .o k. a little nervous, i mean.yeah. the longer i wait,  more nervous i get. yeah.yeah.. not really.i can get off   work at  five thirtyto six o'clock.. i mostly do translation  from correspondences.  mostly, from japanese to english.but, sometimes, from english to japanese..  the translation is   maybe, about eighty percent of my entire job this company.. rest of   it  is like a  filing documents, andyeah, reading mails.yeah, i do.. i can always   use english. yeah, the reason why i went to the united states  because i like  to learn english.. . i went to the university and graduated from there.. i went to  and lived with a host family for two years.and i rented the apartment and lived alonefor two years. yeah. .. they got  host mother and father.and the host father was  for   at that time, already retired now. yeah, and   they are christians.so, they took me to the church every . so  i was kind of  looking forward to with them. because could have  lunch  at a restaurant.yeah.i thought so. ..  . the parents don't really demand  things to their children. and children are also  more independent,and   actually,     the biggest thing  i was surprised was that   there is   not  real bad relationship between  mother and her  daughter-in-law.yeah.so theyget along very well. .yeah.a picture? .describe it? . there is a house,  and   two boys are playing   with ball. and a girl is   also playing outside. and   it's sunny day. and       o k,  o k,  two women are talking on the street, and  also, a man   is reading newspaper just across the street  from that house. and   one man is  jogging. . also there is a cat on the car  parked up  along the  road. it's in front of that house. . .living in a house?. o k. .       people living  in a house has a  garden.     and   the advantage? . they've got more room.and    they don't have to really    nervous making noises. ..  in japan, houses are really close to each other. so  most houses don't have gardens      because the  houses got very close together. .   the people living there   don't get  ..     and  in japan,   we most have  walls, yeah,      to separate from each other.. but, in , there is no houses that has walls around the house..o k.yeah.. yes. i was wondering that if i can   return this ticket and get refund  because  i missed the train that i was supposed to get in. .  .  . yeah, yeah.   but     actually, i took other train,   the train  to get here.and that train was also delayed,  so that's why i couldn't make it    for this  train.. .yes... because   i have an appointment. . .   .   i'm hurry because i   have a very important appointment to attend. and,  if i miss this appointment, i will lose my job.. thank you.thank you much. i appreciate it.o k... not .. .. in general, i think it's o k.but, sometimes, there are   very nasty clerks.and    not the station clerks but    the  attendance on the trainare sometimes,  say for example, when an accident occurres,  the attendance makes an announcement  about the accident.  but they always apologize.and don't explain what happened.so, what we would like to know is what happened, ,how long  take  to start the trains. but they don't really explain just keep apologizing..o k. .. .o k, o k. .o k. .  o k. one day last week,  when i was  driving  a  motorcycle,  i was talking to my girlfriend on the  cellular phone. . i was so    into speaking with my girlfriend  i didn't realize that the car was coming to me. and the car hit me. . and my motorcycle was broken. . yeah.   so  i  talked to the driver of the car. but that driver complained to me that   that was my fault, because i was using  a cellphone. and  he  told that fact to the policeman. . but, somehow,  the policeman  understood that  the  primary cause of the accident was  due to some    negligence of that driver.so  the driver  agreed to  repair my motorcycle  under his insurance   and called a   car repair company. and the company took my bicycle away.   actually, at that time, i was going to meet up  that girlfriend. but i was late, and she really got angry.but,   when i explained what happened, she understood and everything was settled.yes, ..   when i went to the grocery store in , i parked my car at the parking lot. and,  after i did shopping and came back to the car,  i pulled off my car   from the parking area. then,  the old lady who was  also driving a and pulling off  her car   bumped to my  car from the side.. she didn't realize   i was there.so  she didn't know what happened.and i complained to her. but she didn't really,   you know, accept my complaint.. but i suggested to go to  police.and,  while we went to the police,  some lady left  a card on my car. and      she said that she saw the accident. so,  if  i need help,  she  told me to call her, she could be,  maybe, ..yeah, . ... i    go back to work, and do more translation ..thank you.