my name is . .. i'm really good. how are ? i live in  which is in . . station's on the  line. it's about thirty minutes from here. yes. it's  quiet town.       a lot of   and kids around the town. and it's comfortable, nice  town, i think. . there's a good  ,yeah, i enjoy  living there.   . my  family have been living there for more than thirty years. actually i lived in  when i was in elementary school.  i lived there four and a half years.quite different . .. mainly the people,  the most big difference.  of course, the scenery and the  atmosphere is different. but what make the atmosphere different is the people, i think. ..  i enjoyed  the summer camp  which i can  with my brother and sister.  we had a lot of   outside of town. also, we enjoyed  swimming, playing tennis. also, we had   play,    we learned a lot  at   lot of   . .. i watch movies.  and i'm also thinking about  being a script translator.  so,  in that context, i try to    compare the original words and the       it's  translation of the script.. because  you have to   put it into very short words. the original sometimes the    really good parts of the  original script are totally  just    erased out. . but  maybe   the translation shouldn't just bother the pictures.  they say good translations just  support the movie and  it shouldn't be the main part. so,  i think it's a little bit difficult not to just    stress what you really want to say. describe the scenery? .   i think it's a ski resort and    it's sort of crowded. and people are  skiing but, it seem  to be  kids  just playing with snow. and i don't think they are really good skiers. . this picture doesn't show they are  skiing faster. they seem to  maybe  stay in one place instead of  skiing the hill. and there's nobody on the lift. .  .would that be all right?..i do. i think you have to pay for the  cost that the owner of the   resort to  maintain the place  during summer time.  so,  the costs are just borrowing the ski,    the prices also  maybe include  those kind of costs.no, i don't think so. because  many young japanese enjoy  by getting there by their own car. and     actually, they don't stay for long. japanese skiers just  don't stay overnight. they   just   enjoy for the day..  you can  get to these places   maybe in two hours from ....  .. yeah.  what's the particular reason that you  would  ?o k..  yes.  i actually  missed the train i was suppose to get on. because my  baby was screaming, crying and   i had  just  comforting her. .i'm sorry. but,   i don't have anyone to take care of her.  i have to do it myself. so,     would you change this ticket to the next train, please? i can just hold my baby and stand  inside the train. would that be all right?   i don't need the seat. i can just stand  in the corridor.. thank you. happen   i  not  do that again. not me, but my mother has. she missed   a  plane to hokkaido. we were  on  family    vacation to  skiing in hokkaido. and she was  late in packing up her baggage.  .no.  she was crying.  to be careful. . and just always keep your seatbelt  buckled.. otherwise, don't get on any plane. .. .    i was driving and  i was on a way to see my girl friend. .    i'm going to change the story. i'm .  i was driving to a library.  and    a  man on a scooter completely absorbed in talking on a cell phone  he might have been talking to his girl friend or something. and  it seemed that he didn't notice  me coming up. and we just bumped into each other.  but   instead of  being apologized,  he came up angry with me that   he dropped his cellular phone and i  ran over it.  . so, i used my cellular phone to call up a police.     and the  people came to pick up his broken scooter.. but a funny story. . . how it's broken? .    i explain   the police, i think   that i'm in the  accident. and it seems that the  rear   right was broken.  i'm not good at these.   . isn't the light just broken, no? ? excuse me?.  i'm not sure about that. because     first  the roads    they are not  wide and we have only just one road. so,     people have to be careful by themselves, i think. and there's no way to  expand the road or   maybe   the conditions are not that bad. but   because it's so crowded, people have to be careful with each other.no, i don't. accident when i was in college. and i think i wasn't wrong but the person   i got  just  into the accident  was wrong. . he was a very frightening man. and he just  kept on calling me for about  half a year and  i didn't want to drive again. .. today?  i have to go to work. i  have a work as a secretary to a professor   in . and after that, maybe  i'll go to see a movie . i haven't decided yet. but i am thinking about  "billy elliot" which  is     england  movie. and   i better  british. and  there's a boy that he wants to be a ballerina  very much. but his father is upset about it. yeah.but i think   he makes his way to be a very good one..thank you. and have a good day.