 my name is .sure.  just now, i'm feeling like nervous, .this is first time to, you know,  be in front of this devices. .i saw some t v commercial by  .yeah. it reminds me of such kind of...my major is english linguistics.but   my department is english. .and  some people take some sub major.     if i ask what's my sub major is, it's  linguistics.so that's why i said english linguistics. actually i got married last year.so  i wanted to belong to some club-type activity,but time doesn't permit me to  enjoy that kind of activity. so   how do you say,  i have to   not stand,  sorry, i can't  the word.. ...  so before i got married, we've seen   together about six years. there's nothing new actually.  i enjoy very much. he works for advertising  agency.  and    the part of his job is  making  t v commercial. but main task for him is to  establish corporate brand.  i don't know exactly what he is doing but he sometimes complain about  not job but  his routine work. so from that type of speech, i can imagine what he's doing.. .he's kind of busy. there is a party.   the situation is   anniversary. it's  type of restaurant in a hotel or like  extravagant type of restaurant.  i can see that type of restaurant because they are very well-dressed   and they're serving some  wine.so that's why i can see that restaurant is not casual type. and  there're round tables  in the restaurant. and  all the tables are occupied by couples    yes..yes, i do.  we seldom go to the restaurant such as hotel type., we go to  casual type.this? after the marriage, we haven't gone yet. first  anniversary is gone already.and  i remember that  my husband  went back home around four a. m.actually the day, he's gone. and    no, no, the day afterof the  anniversary. so    it was summer, and  i think it was sunday? yes, at sunday night,  he had to work so i didn't feel very well .o k..  .  o k..hello, this is  speaking. yeah. long time no see.  thanks for  invitation card from you.and   i have to say that i'm not going to  take part in the party..  sorry.  the reason why i can't attend the party is my mother  took the   medical check, and  the result was not very good.  i wants to be with my mom on that day.so if the  situation  turn into well, i will call you up and      i would  reschedule, not reschedule, but  i will send you a message that  i will be coming to the party. . yeah?so  tomorrow  probably   yeah, i can't go to the party so  could you allow me not to attend the party?.  . but    i can not say   in detail about my  mother's symptom, but  the result is very serious  type.so forgive me .. the next time  if you're going to invite me,i'm sure i will attend the party.i'm also looking forward to    seeing you next time.welcome.bye-bye.. without reasonable reason? yes, i have. o k. when i was   office worker, there were several times when i was invited to some little get-together outside  job place.but   i don't know why, i feel  not very well  if i go out twice or three times a week.  so at that time, i don't know, it was a short time notice. and i don't know,   i didn't   refuse the  offer. and i said, " yes, i might be able to go.". but  all of a sudden,   i changed my   decision. then i said to my friend, " i feel  not very good so could i cancel the promise?". so understood. i'm sorry.  i was ...o k. . o k.   .o k. i'll start the story.  so  do i have to the one in ?.  a woman enter department store to buy  birthday present for her husband. and   she decided to buy  a tie for him. and  after   she   bought a tie for him,     she found the  big bargain on shoes.   and also   she caught  fifty percent off  on clothes. and  she decided to buy some present for herself , and     besides  the present for  her husband, she got  some goods for herself. then    she  got out of the department store with handful of bags. that's the story.  first of all, i make it a rule to see   the price. budget-wise.    and i'm thinking that that kind of goods would be  suitable for one i'm giving to or not. but budget is  most important for meto decide .. . excuse me?. . usually yes.by myself, yes.but i got used to it..nice talking with you.