hello.my name is .yes, sure. yeah, i stay at   in . that's the business hotel that  our company provides for us     till maybe june or something. we will have to find our own apartment according to  where we're  work.  we haven't told yet about where to work from maybe june.my home town is ,  city.yes.yeah. it's like north part of kanto area. and  it's very famous for hot spring. and we have a lot of ski resorts. . it's a little country side, but it's very fun to live, it's easy to relax.yes.. recently  i prefer snowboarding rather than ski.snowboard. yeah, .it's very fun. sometimes it's scary, but  it's very fun.yes. yeah.   i'm not very good skier so i wanted to try something different. and when i snowboard, i can try to jump, and like go really fast. but when i ski, i get a little scared. yeah. i don't know why, but  i think snowboard fits me very well.yeah. now i'm working, and so i have free time only on weekends. so i try to see friends from school days, and have some time with them. yeah. and  recently, i go to shopping, and  just hung around with them.yeah, i went to yokohama with my friend. there was a place opened like akarenga, red brick  store house or something. it's renewal, and  used to be nothing in the store house, but they put some  stores, and  open up.  yeah. that's very nice. this is the scenery from school. and  teacher is teaching mathematic. and some of the students are really concentrated on the class, but some are not. some girls are talking, and one boy is looking out of the window. and someone is listening to the music and drinking  orange juice.   yeah,    yes, that's all.. one girl in this picture is maybe writing a e-mail   with her cellular phone. and in my school days at university, there were some students using the   cell phone during the class.  that often happened in my classroom. but most of the time, teacher will say something if the students are behaving like this. . we didn't have like this small classes.   most of the time, we have the bigger classroom like hundreds students with one professor or something. but i think yeah, students are a little more concentrated on the class, and  some of the students are not. so professors would say something for  those who are not concentrated to . yeah... .excuse me.    i made a reservation for the train, but   i couldn't make it on time, so would you please   exchange my ticket, please?    if exchangement  is against policy,     can i get the refund? yeah,      i really understand it's against policy, but      would you  ? .       i can  make it up? . i was just trying to come earlier than the departure time, but the traffic   on the road was really bad today. and i couldn't make it on time . yeah. .       ..o k..thank you..yes. the commute. but it's not really a long time, so i like. it's less than ten minutes ride so  i can handle  that things.yes. but  if that comes to like one hour or thirty minutes,  i will not be able to do everyday every week. i was living close to my university so i was going school by bicycle. there was no commute, and i can rest sometime. . yeah. use any   transportation at that time.so that's why i couldn't imagine .   i don't  .one day last week, i and my boyfriend were walking on the street  going back home. and it was raining, and it was a little cold day. anyway   while we were walking, my boyfriend heard   little noise. and we found a stray cats on the street.   i felt pity  on her so  i hold him, and that came out of the box. and i asked my boyfriend to take her back to our home together with us. but my boyfriend said no. but  i asked him again and again, and he said o k for finally. and  we take her together, and  decided to  have her  as our new member of our house.yes.  in my  back home in , we have a dog. and he's living almost over fifteen years. he lives a long time.  we started to having him  when i was like seven years old or eight years old. before having him,   i was afraid of at any animals.  i hated dogs. i hated cats. and i hated any other animals. but i got used to him. i bring with him and taking him to a walk. that's my advantage. and all our family, he barks you  outcomers so  it's very  good at  guarding our house.yeah. but he sometimes bark too much, and yeah, and one time   he bit on my uncle, and  that was the disadvantage. but we love him, and we really enjoy having him. yes.  my uncle, he didn't really like our dog. so maybe what happened was    he felt my uncle's feeling,  and      he didn't often come to our house.  he was new to our house at that time so he thought he was outsider,  not outsider, but he was dangerous.  our dog thought my uncle was dangerous for our  family or our house. so that's what happened, i think. and  my parents  took my uncle to hospital, and  we all told our dog that was the bad thing. and  we taught him not to do anymore. i think  they shouldn't have pets in that way.  i don't think pets are not to abuse.   yes, having pets is very  advantage for  teaching little children to love something,  not something, but  some animal or some other existence. but it's not to like beat them or abuse them. so if they don't really like to have pets or  just to free the stress and hit them, they shouldn't have that way. yeah.for today? from afternoon, we're having the english classes. and after the class ends, we are having a small project, and we're gonna interview  some older people from our company.. ..