my name is ., too.i'm fine.   i watching t v with my brother.  i like to watch pro-wrestling.  so we watching the program.   i don't like japanese pro-wrestling.but i like american pro-wrestling,because they are very cool,and talk is very interesting. so i like it. my brother is fifteen years old and     he like computer game.so on weekend, he play computer game or watching .  and he join a boy scout.so   on long vacation, he go to camping.  my hobby is   collect  dolphin's post card.i like dolphins or whale.  when i was elementary school,  i wanted to be  dolphin's trainer. but now, i   wanna be interpreter.but  i like dolphins.so i collect.   .     when i was junior high school, i went to museum with my mother,and i swam with dolphin..i'm very happy. but dolphins swam  under my  .so   i didn't touch many time. but i am very interested..  little girl jumping rope. and  boys playing volleyball.   the young man is running. and old man is reading  newspaper. and women talking  near the car.  cat is sleeping on the car.  dogs maybe talking.    .  this area is many tree or wide street.  my area is not tree and many houses and not  wide street.  and  my area is  not playing volleyball or jumping rope. .because   i have dog so  play with or    i like camping so or many trees. i like    nature,so  i like this area..hello. i'm .how are you?.  let's go to movie   this weekend..      i want to watch "a i".. do you like it?   do you wanna watch it?.   let's meet  eleven a m.. o k. .  let's meet   two p m   in yokohama station. o k?  .   . so    let's eat lunch together.yeah.. .not often.  but yeah, i like shopping with my friends..    i went to shibuya with my three friends,and  i met yokohama station    and went to shibuya  and  we ate lunch and , around station. i shopping and  we bought skirt,or sweater.  and  around three p m  we went to  coffee shop and drink coffee or ice cream.and go home.o k.  one day last week,   my brother and i     heard   .so   first my brother   heard that   and we found the   cat in the box.    i want to take care the cat, but  he said "no". .   but    i asked him  and then   we decided  take care the cat. and we go home..   my dog is  little fat.    doctor said cut the food so    my family want to feed more, but  we can't. so     she is very hungry . . .  i'm going to shibuya.so maybe i'll shopping. thank you.thank you very much.