 my name is .yes.  i live in  . it's  fifty minutes  far from here by subway.yes,  i like that place.no, i'm from  south part of .so. yes but    i've been here for    almost one year.. i see.  my home town is located in very country side in  prefecture, and there is a lot of farms and     plain place around my house.yes. sounds nice. . yes  yes very country side  but  city the center of the city is very    lively place. and i like that 's   atmosphere. it's very famous for   . . not actually but i sometimes go swimming. all what i can..   i can't say i don't like but i can't understand the  professional  baseball team and professional players or. it doesn't attract me.  o k. i see, o k.  i major in history  i mean . i major in art history. and i'm freshman here and but i used to work for   company for long time. but i quit my ex-job  almost two years ago and i decided to  do something just for me. so i decided to  go to university and i took the entrance exam last year. so that's why i'm here. i'm enjoying college life. o k,  the lady are sitting in front of the desk. and the computer, and printer, and keyboard are  on her desk, and she is doing something on the computer. and behind her  she has  one cat and one dog. and cat are sleeping on  her bed i suppose and dog laying on the floor and they are all sleeping right now. but   they didn't attention to her.  then in her room, there is another thing.   stereo is on the sideboard and some books inside the shelf, and also phones are located on the same shelf. then   i think it's her room,  her room is  plain and clean and its door is open and it is   nine o'clock in the morning.no, completely different. my room is that my room  the floor is .and i don't have a bed, i just place the mat on the  and i don't have any pets. one similar thing is i have a computer in the room.. and o k. i prefer japanese style room because you can lie down on the floor and if you sit on the floor, the room looks bigger than  sitting on the chair, and my room is not enough to put the big desk and big chairs, so. and  if you have a floorings room, you have to   clean the floor every day because  dusty .. i have to decide the? o k. o k.  o k. .  can i ask something? . i'm looking for  some nice stall for winter, so do you have any,  stall or muffler something like that?o k, so  i see, so. i'm looking for  not  special one but  something long and white and  soft but not so expensive, do you have something like that?.you know, i think it's good one but you know  ten thousand yen things are sometimes, very   doesn't have a good quality, so  maybe i'm greedy but  i want  good quality one but  price's not expansive. so i think this is  a bit thin so   do you have more thick and soft one?.but i think its color is  not for me. ? . i prefer some    between red and pink.but bit shiny.  o k good  i say this is also four thousand yen? and  how long is this?that's great, so o k. i will take it.thank you.thank you very much.yes, i love it. but the problem is i don't have money. .o k.      he wants to have a date with his girlfriend so he called her  last week. and he asked her  "why don't you  go to  zoo with me?". so, she said "o k," so   he decided to took a car and  give   she took her  to the zoo by car then      in the zoo  there are lot of animals there, of course, so they see a lion and  they saw a monkey and monkey are eating banana.  monkey eating banana and they have lot of fun and so    they are getting   they had a fun. so they get a good relationship    before that so  then  they went home.. yeah..  yes i did, i think. i like zoo.. it's very  a kind of  pity  very sad thing, i think, and sometimes the  inside the cage are dirty and pretty small, so i don't like that, to see that situation, and that's not good for the animal, but  yeah, i saw some   very clean and good zoo in abroad so there is no cage, but between the guest and animals there is a deep edge, deep cave. ?  so animal can't escape and we can see the animal  without cage. so i thought that was good.good. i will go back to my hometown, and maybe spend time with my family,   visit grandmother and grandfather. so have a fun.thank you. you too.thank you very much.