hello.my name is ..  not so far but maybe about  one hour from here. live in ...near .o k.     is next to the .  is the station of tokyo disney .and   i used to live in      until i  graduated from my high school.and  then  i moved to  from this aprilbecause  my father works in  . so   he has lived in .  i joined him.yes, and my brother. actually, i want to live alone.  if my friend want to stay my home, i can't do so because of my family.   maybe    my father is so nervous. maybe  he don't  want me stay my friend.   and i'm not  get along with my brother.so  that's why. to live alone and i want to live more nearer  to university.nearer.  within , to live.i usually  watch t vor listen to music   or   do my homework.    if i come to school,  here is  central tokyo i prefer to go shopping to shinjuku or shibuya or somewhere.   but  if it's get dark,    my house is far from here i prefer  to go back to home soon.yes.   i like seeing movies and listening to music   walking around the park..yes, i like yoyogi  most.yoyogi park. do you know yoyogi ?yes. but it's  near  my university.   not so far. it's easy to get .o k. this is a picture of a class.  she is teaching math and   they are students.and    one of the student in front of the teacher    is listening to her very eagerly but  the boy next to him    seem      and the girl next to the boy is  playing with her cell phone.and    other students also talking and drinking and      totally they seems rude for her.favorite class of university?yes.   before i came here, i take  seminar class.it is about  japanese literature.but  we taught it in english.and  the member of the seminar are  about six student. and maybe two of us    had lived foreign county so they can speak english so fluently.and the teacher is american. and today,    i had  presentationabout one book.and i chose  shinichi's story.     i try to   talk about that book.  but  i didn't do so well. teacher always help me.yes.o k..hello.      do you have any plan for weekend? how about going to see a movie? and what movie do you want to see?. so how about "harry potter"? to see it very much.o k. so  i think  there are  many theaters in shinjuku, so  how about meet at shinjuku?yes. then,  i think  south entrance is better for meeting. how about it?o k. then,  so,   i forgot where you live. where are you live? i see. so  maybe we can use  traingo there.o k.  then,  so  see you weekend.  see you on saturday.yes. south entrance  shinjuku station..yeah..     i like both  maybe   i watch foreign movie more than japanese one.maybe there are many foreign movie. .     foreign movie seems maybe more interesting for me.recently, i like action movie.for example?  during summer vacation,   i watched  " driven". the  main cast was sylvester stallone.and it is the  movie about    car racing.and  there are car crash and   racing,   many explosion and  i was very excited ...one day last week, a  woman went shopping to a   department store. then,   she planned to  buy the birthday present  for her husband. and she bought a necktie.   but    on the way back to home,  she  found the shoes  were on the sale. so  she thought ". lucky".  then she bought onebecause it is  thirty percent off.then  she also found that the clothes    she have wanted to buywas on sale. and it is fifty percent. " yes. i take this one".then   she bought many many things and    now she has no money.my birthday is may twenties.this year? i went to my friend's house and  there are three of my friends and  i made them .  one of my friends made   birthday cake  we ate it. that was very delicious.and    the other girl  gave me a present.and other two girls didn't  give me any present because they didn't have .but that was o k. i was so happy to be celebrated. and   we stayed  until late at night. we talk much. so all of us    go to different university so   about our university and our friends many many thing.     we were  a  friend when we were high school..  yes. sometime for friendand sometime for family. christmas?    especially christmas?.     at first,   i decide      up to how much i can use for the present.then,     i prefer  more  practical one.   the latest present  i give to my friend was watch. i thought it is very practical useful. but   less than five thousand yen....o k. i plan to go back to my hometown   spend  some days.  but actually, my mother's hometown is in . maybe we will spend new year's day in .but after that,       some winter vacation days  would be left so i want to go back  my hometown in  again. maybe   one week or so.. .thank you.