yes. my name is ...yes. yes, please.i'm from .   i was born in  and i still live in . .yes. . it's near the  station and i came here with  subway and  line. i change the trains at near .usually?    yes.  i'm a freshman at  and i'm majoring  political science.yes..   it's a lot of fun but i think it's so fast to that you know,   it's near in the term endso i think it's very fast to the time pass.  yes, actually i don't  have so much free time  lately   i have a lot of work to do because this is a term end so i have to write the term papers for the classes and     i don't know but we have a winter vacation soon so we have a time to prepare for the exam next years but i think it's time to think about the exams seriously. i think so, but     i'm afraid i can't do it, because i have a part-time job during the vacation and also i want to go out with my friends.i do the teacher at a little cram school, little , and i teach math to three girls  they are  in elementary school, they're fifth graders and sixth graders. and yeah it's a little bit hard because they are   not hard workers  so but yeah i think it's very great experience.yes. . yeah,  .. but   i try to communicate a lot with them and try to figure out what is the problem for them. yeah, so   yeah, that's i try to motivate them.yes.yes.yeah, o k.  i live with my mom and dad,  my parents and my brother, and my father is working for the car company and my mother is  housewife and my brother is  working for a little company which deals with translation but he is not the translator but he  work at kind a coordinator  yeah and he is twenty-three years old and he  was graduated from .o k.o k. . o k, this place is  looks restaurant, big restaurant and it's kind of luxury  restaurant and    a lady and man are having dinner together and  the waiter is recommend them a bottle of wine, and the man is tasting the wine. and  this is a very big place and we can see  the two other couples  who are having dinner and in the middle of this room there is a piano and a woman is playing the piano. and it seems to be they are enjoying their dinner.  not so often because i live with my family, so yeah my mother cook  every meal for me so  i don't usually have dinner outside.but sometimes i go out with my family and have dinner together yeah, and actually  i will have the party tomorrow night .yes, this is the year-end party season so we will have the year-end party with my language classmates.yeah.so  we will eat .  not so a lot, but i drink a little bit.no, just beer or cocktails or something. favorite restaurant.  yeah  i like  thai food or yeah, kind of asian food and  yeah,  yeah actually  i like  eating   eating. .yeah but because i really like the spicy taste. yes and yeah i also like french food. they are very good. i like    duck.i like it.o k.o k.o k..o k, i have the ticket for this train,  and i booked the seats of this train but i     i came late because  i had a reason and       so i missed the trains and i couldn't   get on it so could you please change the ticket   or    can i paid back again the ticket?. but    i had the  traffic jam  on the way to the station today   that's why i late for the train and i missed  this train. so  it's not my fault so  could you change or something with the ticket?.yes, i do..  o k,  i  have been a lot of countries because  once i lived in the netherland when i was little, so you know,    living in netherland we can go a lot of places in the europe so i traveled a lot when i was there, but the most memorable one is last year. i went to paris with my mother and it was february. it was after i got the permission for , i passed examination and i went there with my mother. so  it was february but it's not so cold.   it was  beautiful every day and yes and it just my mother and me so  we had a common interest in paris so   we could have the very  relax travel together and i went shopping a lot.    that's   one of them. yeah, it's not going to the famous place  but just sitting  in the cafe seat and drink coffee, see the people going through the open cafe.yes..o k. . o k, one day last week the girl and the boy    try to went to camp with their car.   they made a pack and they made a lot of staff in their car and  they went and then     they went to the lakeside and they put on the  tent.    yeah   they  cook next to the tent  but suddenly  it starts to rain and  it became very windy so the tent and the other staff, for example, their pans and their chairs are blow up and they  force to come back in their car. they couldn't stay in the tent because of the weather. so   and they drove and  in the hard rain and thunders. and then they found the hotel, the hotel called hotel cosmos, and then they decided to stay at the hotel but the weather outside is   still very bad but they  looked very relaxed at the hotel room..    yes. i think i had some troubles but not a big one, yeah.    the travel which  i said that   i went to paris with my mother.and then   we didn't have a lot of cash but we had the cash card of the bank and   it is international card so  we thought we can withdraw money everywhere around the city. and so we tried to withdraw money at the bank  in paris but we couldn't because  it was the city bank card but the city bank has the   treatment with  another bank so  we thought we can withdraw the money   at a t m of another bank so we tried several times but we couldn't.  so  we very confused and i knew   there are some branches of city banks in paris so   we went there and we asked them, and they said why don't you try at the city bank a t m so and then i tried and we could get the money.yeah, at the city bank a t m. but only at the city bank. so i don't know  why we couldn't do at another bank's a t m, but that were a little trouble but it's fine  i could get the money finally. . .  after this? i have a class after this. i have one class and after that i will go to my ballet class... thank you . you, too.