good afternoon..o k. my name is .fine. and you?.my major is economics..  i was interested in economics.and  economics of this school is very difficult to enter. so  i wanted to try.. i like go for a walk,and go shopping with my friend,and watching t v,and listening to music... almost  every sunday,  i go to the parks.  for example,  last sunday,  i went to ueno park.and   i went around the park. and there were  many entertainer like pantomime. so i enjoyed that. and    also i saw  there was the  tokyo art university.and  i was so impressed  at the sight  like entrance, they were so great.i liked it  very much... i feel   very refreshing..i think so..  and  also i want to lose weight.   so    if i have nothing to do  in the evening,   i try to walk  around my apartment...no. i live in .. not all my family.so my father works in tokyo. so   he had lived tokyo.so i live with him, my brother. i'm from shizuoka prefecture. she lives in,. .. almost every night, my father call her. so,i join it. . i feel only i like her. and  we also have a dog.she is golden retriever.. i love her. so i miss her, too...o k. .  she is doing internet. and she has  two pets. one is a cat and the other is dog.    and she found a very interesting home page.and she wanted them to see that. so she  turn to them. but they are sleeping.and  so    she smiled, "  every day they are .".. my room isn't so big.and now, i  don't have  any pet in chiba. and  my  is not so big.  and i don't have computer on my room...she..   she is whiter than  ordinary retriever.brighter. her hair is more brighter.and she is  quiet.  she only bark when she eat.   when she start to eat. maybe she is very happy..?. i didn't take care of her so much  when i lived in shizuoka.but  if i have time,  i take her  to walk.and  i give her dinner almost everyday..  she make us  happy.how? .. just  her presence make her happy.so  even she is sleeping.yeah...o k.o k.hello.yes.  i'm planning to go to america.but  i didn't search for america.so  please tell me  where is  nice to visit.. .and   i especially wanted to go to the west coast of the united states.  . and  there is  no price. how much  is this one?.. three nights.  and  what is the good place to visit in seattle?.mariners.. i don't like baseball much. . what's the name of the river? ..... and do you have  any other place  without seattle?.. .. and do i have to pay  to pass the border?nice.yeah...thank you... i've been to vancouver.. maybe   two years ago and four years ago.twice.. yes.    first time i visited vancouver, not exactly vancouver i went to  nanaimo island,near  vancouver.  i couldn't speak english  much. so i couldn't enjoy very much. and i was so young.  i couldn't understand   canadian people. and   i went to there  with  many young japanese girls. so i didn't enjoy the real canada.but  the second time  when i was  the high school student in the second grade, so    i improved my english  .  and  with  few japanese girls, so  almost around me  was people from all around the world. so  i was enjoy the real canada. and vancouver is  more modern than the nanaimo. so i could enjoy shopping and sightseeing, too....o k. one day last week,    three students went to see a movie. and  before the movie started,  they bought   something to eat. and   they were looking forward to seeing that. on the movie, there is a scene  the airplane  was burning. and they were so shocked. and      because before that,   they saw   america's terrorism  in  new york. so    they were so scared.  but after that,  they enjoy that movie very much. and they talked about   what they thought about the movie.  and also  they started to  think about the terrorism  more deeply.yes.  not so often. but i like to see .. .  but especially, recently,  i like action movies. because   it is very good refreshment for me.  i saw "driven," you know, the  sylvester stalone's movie? i liked  that very much.the car crashing. . so  maybe many people  feel that that is very scared. but for me, it is  exciting..  go to coffee shop to drink some coffee. or  go to restaurant to eat something with friend...i'm going to go back to my home and cook. . i'm planning to cook .,. yeah...thank you.