my name is .sure.i'm fine. how are you?. outside.  these days, i like to practice golf, and i like  watching movies. one of my friend recommended to me to play golf with my husband as one of the  between husband and wife.yeah. i guess it's good to play together outside. yeah, it's healthy.   my husband is four years older than me. and we both are from  city.and he's working for a tea company  as a sales person. .  he is a very kind nice person, i guess..golf.   two or three months ago, we bought a car.so now we like to go out by car for driving to like yokohama or kamakura together. no, from  . o k.?  is very, very quiet and local town, very small. and  we don't have a lot of exciting things there, but we have very nice natureand a lot of mountains and rivers. it's very nice place to live, i guess, for older people.about four years ago.? actually i used to live in  when i  student.so  that was my second time to come to . but  for me,  is  a little big and crowded..yeah, little by little.o k. . a couple are having dinner. and it's looks like they're having some anniversary dinner because the wife is wearing a nice dress and necklaces. and they're drinking wine.  it's looks like really fancy nice restaurant. probably french. and  a lady is playing a piano.  i guess they are going to have a good time here.. last one was last month.  it's january first. so we usually have like nice dinner at home.and  i mean this year, we had  sukiyaki together since my mother sent us  nice  beef for sukiyaki.so we ate sukiyaki together with japanese sake..yeah. .  it was in   two thousand one. and we both decided to set our anniversary for a special day since my husband is kind of forgetful.  make it really clear so he never forget  first for our anniversary. for anniversary?yes.   about once a week or once in   two weeks, we both working so we sometimes go out .. for me,   i like eating outside.but i want to eat something i can't cook. for example, i'd like to eat thai food or vietnamese foodor french or italian. but  i don't want to eat something i can cook easily at home.so i sometimes ask my husband to go to a little expensive restaurant. we can enjoy dinner at the restaurant.o k.o k.yes.  i have a ticket here. and i couldn't get on this train. could you change this train to a next train?  you know, i came here from ogikubo by chuo line. and there was an accident on chuo line this afternoon. so i was on a train. i couldn't get here on time. really?  maybe that happened just thirty minutes ago. so should i go back to j r station to get somethingfor the report?? i see.  since this is  not my fault, it's  because of their accident,  do you know anyone who i can talk to about the accident?..o k. i'm going back to j r and ask what should i do  with j r stuff then i'll come back to talk to you one more time. .. really?i see.o k.  can i wait for  a cancellation?o k. then i'd like to  leave my name for cancellation list..  not me, but when i went back to my hometown with my friend, we supposed to meet at the   station.  actually i was on the train, but she didn't come. then by the time the train left,   actually she came, but she said she had  train accident on the way to come to  station.but she said  even though she couldn't get on the shinkansen train,  her ticket will be changed to  next train.right.. it's too complicated for me.  especially subway. i sometimes get on different direction  yeah,    i couldn't understand which way goes which way..  i'm not really good at memorizingsubway system.o k.o k. . one day last week,  i and my friend      went camping by my car. and   we went by the river and set up the tent for tonight. and we cooked dinner.  when the dinner was ready, suddenly   it started to rain. then  the wind blew really hard that we couldn't keep camping there. so we   get into the car. and we found a nice hotel. so we decided to stay at the hotel. and three hours later, the rain stopped. but we didn't feel like going back to the camping place so we decided to stay  at the hotel for the rest of the day.that's . it's  up to  which place we are . but like we sometimes go   to see  temples and shrines since my husband likes old historical buildings. then we sometimes go to kamakura or   we went to kyoto last year.but basically he always asked me where i want to go. so i guess i where to go. . last trip we went to.  let's see, we went to kyoto last   no, november.and  one of my cousin got married in kobe. we went to wedding party in kobe  on friday. then we had a nice wedding party in kobe. after that, we went to kyoto and stayed there  no, for three days.  we looked around kyoto city. it was nice trip, but it was really nice day so there were so many people .  we sometimes couldn't see  really important  treasures because there were so many people.train.  i guess  for me, i don't really drive  it's really  comfortable and    feel much  better than the train because i don't have to stand up all the way to that area. and in a train, we don't really talk a lot. my husband sometimes sleeps read books all the time. but in a car,  since my husband is driving, we can talk a lot so that's one of the advantage, i guess..o k.yeah.  sunday, i'm going to shiodome,shio site something with my husband.  i heard there is one shop for  japanese . they have three thousands kinds of  there. and my father  he is into  now.  i'm going to find one  for my father.. i hope so, .. thank you very much.