good morning.my name is .yes.nice to meet you..yes.i bought it yesterday.i went to shopping with my   friends that i met in university,and i bought many clothes the clothes i used to wear in the university was like jeans, i can't wear it in the office.. i live in . it's a small, new towncalled ,and it's  on the  subway,and  there're still so many farmers living there.yes.it's not crowded it's the new town so it's beautiful.yes, ... i live with my father, mother, and my brother,and my brother is four years older than me, he works in office.and  my father   also works in office,and all of my family like to play tennis.that's it. not so often, ,when i was kids,  i used to play a lot,but not now, i play with my friends..with family? it's good because i don't have to pay money to borrow .my father pays it it's good. any bad things?  yeah,  my father hates to run so he just asks me to  you know, return the ball where he stands. i mean, he's old so he can't run ..i like to go to shopping go to movies.yeah.i like the movie, the hollywood movies.  i saw the "lord of the ring".and i like it.   did you see it, the "lord of the "? i forgot the name, but the old man, has a stick, he said like " you shall not pass," or something.  i forgot, but i like that  ...it's a picture in the elementary school, and the teacher is teaching a math. but some students, i mean, only one student is listening to the teacher.  girls are talking to each other, and the boy is listening to music, and another boy is chewing a gum looking outside the window. and  a girl in the front line is using her, how do you say it, personal phone?. and sending mail,and teacher is just looking at the black board and  doesn't notice  the students are doing, not listening to her...in elementary school?in high school? yeah, kind of . yes, it is. i mean, i  all the time i was not good student.no, i didn't.i mean,  i had it, but i didn't have to wear it. i wanna ,i can wear, but .?. i think  student  have to have right to choose if they wanna wear because   in summer,  uniform is hot,and it's not clean to wear it every day, think it's not good idea to   ask student to wear it everyday..no, i don't..o k.yes.   should i do like the phone call? ..can i have your name ?.o k. hello?is  there?hi. this is .   thank you for inviting the party, but  you know,  i had a   trouble in my  school, and i can't go there.i know. i failed the test, and i have to take the test again, i'm sorry.  i'm  taking test in five minutes so i can't go.i'm sorry. know. i studied a lot, but i failed, and  if i don't take the test today, i can't graduate. so, i'm sorry.about three hours, i guess..about what time?tomorrow morning?i'm sorry, but i have a tennis  game tomorrow morning, so i can't stay up late.   tell them that i really wanted to go, but  take the test to graduate, so  can you tell them that?thanks.no..not so much. only the birthday party.it was my friend's birthday in  february, . . first, we went to eat dinner restaurant or   in japanese, . ,we drink a lot of  beer.and after we ate dinner, we went to game center play games and take pictures .and then, i went to, i mean, we went to her house and watched the video. , we were kind of drunks, we just wanted to have  fun,and there was a game center next to the restaurant that we ate,so we just went there and play the games, and we always take pictures, there is  party the birthday, so we took pictures.... one day last week,  a boy and a girl was walking in a rainy day, and then, a boy heard some noise  from the box  on the street.  he didn't know what the noise was. then  a girl open the box  and found a cat in the box.  the girl wanted take the cat with her, but   boy didn't think that it was good idea to bring the cat because the house that they were living was  apartment, and it was not allowed to have a pet with them.but, she really wanted to take the cat with her, and he couldn't stop her. then he suggested her that we might have friend that can keep the for them, so she took the box with her, and went to find some friends who is living in a house and can keep the cat..i mean, actually, i  had the same situation, and i kept the cat with me. i asked my mom we has a pet, i mean, we kept the cat.i mean, it's good,    when i found the cat, i was small, so it was good to take care of something,and have experienceof having a job to do.so it's good to have a pet,  and allow kids to take care of them sothey will have responsibilityto do something.yes..after this interview,  to eat lunchwith my friends,and then, i have english class. .yes....