.yes. i'm  ..yes.i'm from   prefecture.and  i'm living in city. it's a     of  prefecture,and i use  line.i use  line,from my house. it was typical suburb area. so many residence but some of  are looks very rural.  so there are so many  rice fieldsand   fields. . . i don't do nothing much right now, but worked for six years     home builder.and  i used to work there as a interior decorator for a while. and  that was very interesting job.  for instance,     i chose  some interior elements my client. so about   home..yes. i'm thinking now. but  nowaday, i'm very  interesting in the improving my english so i'm thinking  my future  from now  which way to go.yes, i married.and  i'm living with  my husband and   he works   at the .and      he doesn't work  regularly.i mean  he is  a pilot,of airline company.  sometimes he wakes up very early he comes very late.so that's  a another point that makes me to decide my next job. if i choose  i mean  a kind of a full-time job, it makes  me to avoid   togethertime because  i think  i would not be meet himnot so much.that's why. yes, my hobby is a   maybe reading book.my hobby.  any type of  recently,    i forgot the english title. the books was about   the how to read people or something.the author is a  who works  at a company to decide  ,  and  it's very important      to choose the    because the trialis depending on jury.isn't it so? that's why so  she writes about   to read the people by the behavioror by   pronunciation and  by hair style .yes, it is.yes.yes.  it seems  girl's room. and  the girls  has a  room. it is totally furnished . and  she has her maybe personal computer and typewriter and   audio set.and  she has her own phone.  and i think she has a cat and dogas pet.  it looks very cozy room. but i think if she were  so younglike a high school or junior high school, it is totally   too luxury for her, i think... for her?high school girl? o k.  o k,  maybe i ask her     are there any  unconfidential elementin her room. and    maybe i picked some elements   with her.  and i recommend her to choose      the color of fabrics..   because   it seems very    unorganized. the tone and the color is  so  . so i recommend her to decide  main color and  ..yes. hi, this is .i'm sorry. but   i couldn't come your dinner party.  o k  i have been  very sick   for six days. i couldn't come. i try to call you, but  i was in hospital. so, .i'm sorry. . yes. i think so...  i think i could go  your home  right now. i think  it would be much better to stay home for me right now, because this illness is very  contagious. i wonder someone catch my cold or flu or something. so it would be  bad     for your customer  that   they catch . ?but i think this flu is very very serious.  i think if they catch  big cold  they will feel very sick at stomach.  so i don't want make them such feeling. i think i would avoid. no. . i'm so sorry. so  o k i will send my daughter to your home. and   i think she would be happy  to attend the party.so    could you please      make her    your house?because she is a kind of a  stranger. she loves  party because  you have so many interesting friendsand  she is now interesting in   artthat you are collecting.. thank you .o k... ? yes. yes, but    yes,  i have been  canceled several timesattend party.and  i call my friend.  and   i said  i'm sorry  because i have some reason that i couldn't go. not. but       almost all of them were understood the reason... o k. . .o k.  o k.  o k  she's myself.  i went to  shopping  department store     to buy  some present to my husband. and  i think     he would like a new necktie.. so     it costed of ten thousand yenand it's kind of expensivefor a necktie. . but it wasn't brand.  and  i don't think this  is very  . but  anyway. and    on my way home,   i looked a final sale of shoes and  i was very  interested in  one shoes. but i didn't have much money to buy  because i spended a lot. and  another corner i found  a  clothing and  it was a sale also. and   i was very interested in this  orange blouse and  it was made of silk. and   i was going to another  party.  and    i think my friend   would like this.    so i choose this. and  it costed    ten thousand yen, too.  finally,  i bought this. and  i went out at department store and  went to the party. .with . yes. they are waiting for me .., i enjoyed a lot.  because    i don't have much chance to english  so frequently.so this class  was very   interesting   and also the teacher and   friendsare very nice... yes. yes, thank you very much.