.. my name is . nice to see you.these days,  i was very very busy  because  i work for the school, it's a vocational school for a tourism.so then these days are the  test season.so i have to make a lot of testby  this tuesday.yeah. . .   choosing the question and answer very very difficult.yeah.  so i have to  think what question is better than this, or yeah, which answer is best.yeah. so i have  think and i have to  make a test   better yeah, so that's the difficult. yes, i hope. .yeah, i will take  seven days off  in the end of august.but i've no plan.  maybe  i want to travel  to foreign country, but  cost will be higher than normal fare. yeah. so  i've had enough money to travel abroad.  maybe  i will go back to my hometown, and just  relax and  anything. yeah.hometown? my hometown is   city.  is  one and a half from here by     mean which is an  super express. and  nagano is very famous for     which is a kind of japanese noodle.  there are  winter olympic game   four years ago, and    nagano   is  really  quiet place. yeah. ..  i just want to talk together.and  talk together and have dinner. yeah. yeah. that's all i want to do with my parents.yeah.  no, i don't. .yeah, because after i graduated from high school,i came here tokyo   to go to the schoolfor tourism. and  recently, i don't meet my old friend   living in .o k. . just describe? .o k.  this room is for  studying.  and there is  computer and word processor on the desk. and  the clock on the wall shows nice o'clock. maybe in the morning   because i can see  blue sky through the window. and  a cat is sleeping on the bed   comfortably.  a dog  is also sleeping on the floor.   and there is a stereo   on the board. and there is  calendar on the wall.  and the girl is sitting in the chair  who is wearing a green sweater and   a blue short skirt. and maybe this room is hers. and  anything ? yes,i do.  i went  the,    i forgot the name  the company.   i went to the  leo palace   which is the one of the  real estate. because  actually i'm living with my younger sister.and she was living in another place before i moved to the place   now we're living in. then, my sister is a member of leo palace.so we went to find a new placeto live together to leo palace. then, so  we waited to  built a brand new apartment in .then, we had a very good chance to move into ..yeah, we're very  lucky..o k.yeah. hi, this is . i'm sorry,   i couldn't join  a dinner partyyesterday.  so  i really wanted to join your party, but  i had a lot of things i had to do. so     it was not impossible to join your dinner party. i'm very sorry.. yeah...  can i explain the example? o k.  the very very important customer came to our  office, yeah,   who came from foreign country.so i have to    translate for him, then the nobody can  translate except me, so i wanted to help him.   so    i know there is a important party  last night, but  i had no choice to decide which i have to .so .  yeah.. .  o k. yeah.  but the all  i can do now is to apologize for you. but      please  invite me for  another chance if there is another chance.yeah. thank you very much.o k.o k. yes. yeah.we did home party last weekend.becasue  there were a world cup final gameon last sunday. so  i invited my friend to come my home, then  we hold a  party. is  japanese ..o k.. last week?  .so  make a story..o k.  last week,  i went to see a movie with my friend.  and the first,   ,  and no,  .      before we sat in the seat, we went to    snack bar to get some snack and soft drink. and we bought  large  popcorn    to eat it during the movie. then, the movie started.   the screen shows the airplane   which was crushed.  the plane looks like  the plane is about to   fall down to the ground. and   it was very scared. and    the movie was really scared although we really enjoyed the movie. then after seeing the movie,  we talked together about the movie.yeah... yes.no. no,.   because  she is going to the   evening school. i have to cook  for her.. yeah, i think so. .