yes, my name is .nice to meet you, too. i'm living      my nearest station is   station,  line.no, i live  by myself.yes,     is in , but    actually i live in .   . that is   just  board exist   near  station,   between  and  . so    i barely can have telephone number zero three,  but     if i lived    five minutes left,  my telephone number would be   zero two four two for  so i'm very happy to have zero three telephone number.   i'm from .yes,   my family  contain six people  include me.  my grandfather, grandmother,  father and mother, and my  small brother.yes. . he goes to  high school and major in agriculture. but    next year his school and  the same city's   other high school would be    and  so   he is in  baseball club, but  and he is  regular now, but   next year, baseball club member  would be    increase and  so  his regular is   on the air.yes. a woman is   reading with computer, and   it's seems to me  she indicates the computer to someone, but  in the picture,   i can't find any other person. so  if possibly,    she point out computer for her cats,  but  her cats   seems not to be interested in it. . yes. .  actually   luckily i have  two rooms. so  that is  the first difference, and      my room  also has a computer. and   my telephone is facsimile, so  her room doesn't have facsimile. so  that is the second difference. and , the biggest difference is   she has pets.   i rent my room so  maybe i can't  have my pet,  but   of course  i can have pets  such as   but     actually    i have never wonder    i want to have pets so      i'm not sure if i can have pets.yes.yes.  .  while role-playing,    i can look this card  ?.so i'm ready.hello.  .    this is . . how about going to the movies  this weekend?.   . the movie is  now  "harry potter". . and so     when and where  will you  meet?. yes, so  the movie theater is in  ikebukuro.   so   let's take   line for   take the theater. o k.   i'm forward to seeing you next weekend. good bye.not actually..   i'm addicted to shopping. . especially  bookstore or   electrical store.  .    i make my rule. .  if i can   avoid going to    big camera,  that is dangerous place.    i may spend  rather than    i would waste money  so much so   i  may avoid going to big camera.. . first   i use  line so   from my house and to  going   of course there is ikebukuro,  but   first   i should not  exist for east exit.   if i go to big camera,  in addition,  i would go to . that is very near  from big camera.. one day last week,       i can say i? i and my sister   go to my home  on my way home     i hear the voice of  some animals    crying and  there is a box and  my sister  opened  the box.  from the box,  a pretty cat came   and my sister insist   keeping  the cat by ourselves, but   we have already  have had pet so    i said, "no,  we can't," but   whenever   i talked with my sister  finally    i can't   answer my sister well. so my sister won, and  we decided to keep the cat  by ourselves..    . this is story and  first i  saw the picture  i imagined  you know, " holmes". so    i  followed the story    .yes,  i have  extra class. . actually   school of law ended last  saturday, but    unluckily i have  extra class, and i have  school of education class also. so    i must attend the class.thank you..