good morning..my name is .. hi, nice to meet you. so-so. . quite busy today.. i am just worry about the english test.this one... in march. . i have plan to visit u s. so  ... we have a meeting which  we have to explain a lot of project to u s colleagues.so that's why  i am going to go to u. s. . honestly speaking, not so interesting,  i am not so looking forward to  go to u. s.,because it's business. if it  traveling or sight seeing,i am very exciting., yeah, it's business.i just worry about the . .. i am living .  . . my address is  . so that's a part of . very close to , so  area. so i use the .like just small city. nothing special.no, i live in alone.my family live in the  which  i built a house and my family  a wife and  two child live in  my house in .yeah.. yes, of course.because i living alone in just weekdays, so weekends, i am going back to,, so i have like a two lifes. so it's quite good for me. .. . playing with kids or traveling,  shopping with family. lot of things i have to do  .? in terms of what?.  it's totally different world. in , i have a family and a house or cars or it's,like a family space.in  or ,that's just sort of a business place.so it's totally different.. but i enjoy the   life because i can  rent or borrow the videos or i have a lot of free time.yes.yes... there are many skiers in   ski resort. . there are  cottage or restaurant. and two people  drinking tea,maybe.  maybe . . boyfriend talking to girlfriend. . outside of the lodge, there are many skiers, and  there are party which   doing ski  training or ski's coaching.so coaching teach  beginners.and   one person doing ski board. and there are four kids in the picture, and      they played with snowball. ., yes. i like skiing.. in fukushima,maybe last season. i haven't  since then..last ski trip. last december, i went to fukushima with my family.i drove the car to go to there and i spend maybe twenty or thirty minutes for skiing, another time i spend just   playing with kids,so my kids is only, just  he was      four years, so he can  not ski,so just  using   child board,playing with a snow..  explain....... yeah??  i'm customer.and. i am planning the overseas trip.that's mean   i   travel agency office. . .yes.. i want to go to overseas in  this summer, maybe august is better. so which place  do you recommend to go to the family. my family,  wife and two children.one is  five years old and another is  one years old.so very small.really? but    for me, doesn't matter the interesting what   really interesting, but the safe and   i want to them to feel different country just so, i am o k for the nothing special but just feeling different.and also, first priority the safe..  like a food  poison or hygiene   or  or something like .thailand?it's sounds good. how far from here? seven hours.do you think  we can survive  with family in seven hours in the plane?maybe? how? maybe.it's quite dangerous for me, i guess. last time, i went to  nagasaki.it took about one hour half,and my child,cried a lot in that air plane, so.taiwan.it's good. it's chinese . where  recommend the hotel?.for the family,which one ? it's quite expensive. sorry. so you have  ?. ? i see.how about the location?.how far from     airport?bus.can i use a limousine car?. i see. .. please.yeah.yeah. is this role playing?. . in myself, i prefer abroad to  japan.however   i have a  with family, so maybe  i prefer japan to  overseas.because of the close   the safe, not only environment but also the foods..yes... .  i can make a story.. last sunday,     shin met asako. . it was raining. . when he met  her, there are box   close to the . he  hear some noise or some sounds from a box. so she opened the box, so   there were the    dog,in the box. and she asked the shin to bring   this dog to his  apartment. he said, "of course not.". but   she asked again and again, so he  accepted to bring the dog to his apartment.. and       he was going to his apartment with dog.yes.yes. i have a  ocean fish, in house. not  dog and cats, even fish, it's  i feel relaxing..i think so. just education purpose. yes.no, of course not. yeah.  i take care.. ... this weekend,    my  working friend,  they are american, come to my home and we have a party.. yes,  but  they are teacher for  my small boy,english teacher. but unfortunately, they will return to u s  end of this month. so  final party...