yes. my name is . nice to meet you.yes. . today's topic?  ..until, today? at first,   i got up at  seven o'clock, and i ate big breakfastevery day. so, after that   i go to  university,   second period lecture which is  english conversationclass.  today lesson is christmas party.i enjoy it very much.yes. sing a song,     for example,   i don't know  the sing's name. , i forget melody line. sing a song, yes. three or four christmas song.   let's  sing together with everybody.i live in  station which is  on the  line.yes. very far from here.no.    i live alone.so, because  i used to work  at  , so     from  station to , between them,  only one  change.yes. it is very   convenientfor me. , i quit the job. at that time,   i go to , very far from here.so,  many reason, i have. especially,    i have a dream which is to be english teacher.maybe in high school.because junior high school is very violent. i'm very nervous. so,   i'm interested in, , english education.so,  five or six years later,  if   i could become  english teacher, but  after five years ago, i will quit the job and return to graduate school.and  after that,  i will be scholar about english education.maybe. thank you.no. it's a very shiny day.and,   a car  stopped on the street   this is my ,near my house.and, i like cats.    a  cat is sleeping  on my car.and, my father running    on the street.so,  sometimes,    i run  with my father.and,  this is    my mother  take my dog  to walkevery day. is my pleasure.no. but,  i'm from .   my hometown's house  very similar.very large fieldand  only one building.but,  in case of ,    we can seldom have  one building,one  house. some people  have   one, maybe mansion, but  some people like me  lived in small apartment.of course, live in .so,   i like at first, nature,    i like  my friend in ,and i like my relative surrounding me.  i love them, so  instead of   family,  people very  behave cold . because   they have no knowledge to me,and me, too.  i have no knowledge to them.so,   only address to him  even if  no others.no.i can't go home?i can't go...hello.  this is . i'm sorry.   in fact,  to tell the truth,  my grandmother  passed away suddenly.,  i must go back to my hometown,. so, that's why  i cannot  go this dinner party. i'm sorry. i'm sorry. i have no cellular phone.and, i'm very upset to hear my  grandma  died.so i'm sorry.  when i   came to me,  i remember  the party  held. but,   i'm sorry for  you're waiting for me.. thank you,  but   i'm  still upset. i'm very sad. every night, ..  i'll call you later,  when i came back to .o k?.. ..thank you.traveling? yes. i used to travel  once a year,but these days, i have no moneyand i have no  vacation or holiday.so,      i make up my mind to trip to  maybe, viet nam before graduation. viet nam is everything cheap, . i will  bought everything a king.your  is very beautiful color..yes.  one day last week,    my uncle  from    came to   . and,   meet me at   shinkuku washington hotel.so,  my uncle  take me to very expensive restaurant.so,   i'm very glad to hear  my uncle  treat on metoday. so, my uncle asked  the waiter,  "take us to very good view point seat.".  the waiter said, "yes, of course,"   the waiter said.  after that,  the waiter  take us to expensive seat.and,  we have very expensive food or drink.  i ordered  many food and many drink.  but,  my uncle  can little drink,but     i can drink very much.so,  that's why  my uncle eat too much and    i can drink very much. and,  i'm very  satisfied.    my uncle  pay cashat the spotbecause my uncle is president..  in other words, he is very rich man,and we had very   nice time at this restaurant talking many things. and after that,  we are separate.you're welcome.     used to be bartender.yes.  but now, i seldom drink.when i drink with my friend,    i can manage to little drink,because if i drink too much,     my memory sleep.  so,  if i drink too much,  and very   fastly time, so  next day,  talking with my friend, so   i cannot remember what i said yesterday.so, my friends said to me, "i'm very surprised to hear that i can't remember.". ..yes.,    i must go dentist to check my teeth.no.  before graduation,    i finish remedy  of my teeth.,  if i'm very tired,    i have  teethache.., sometime,       a  middle size injection. this is,  what can i say, , injection,  when injection, i feel ache,  another time is o k.,  i'm stress   every time i went to dentist..  you're welcome.thank you.