my name is . meet you.  nothing special.get up and eat,  drink a bottle of drink and   go there.yes. i'm belong to school of literature and  i study  western history. and i belong to  circle of announcement. and     i     read a  japanese   and so on.  i'm not good at speaking. for example, i   stop when i   read a phrase.     sometimes i stop to reading. so, this point is difficult for me.  for fun?  what,     i don't feel too much fun for this, but   if i read perfectly the phrase, i   feel it is  good, it is fun. i  develop my reading skill. and i'm not good at reading skill. so i  develop the skill. so i join the club.no.o k.   it's seven o'clock. and    this is a restaurant. and this restaurant  looks like high-class restaurant. and in the center of the picture, there are a man and a woman. they looks like a  couple or marriage people. and probably, i think, it is  before eating. and they drink a cup of wine.  and  the back of the restaurant,  there is a piano. and a woman play the piano. and this restaurant is very large. and    i see the two  group. and the group have   both   a man and woman.o k. this restaurant is too much large. and i think  in this restaurant,    i think   the menu and the meal is expensive, i think. so,   the restaurant i go is not so expensive and not so large. and not so  beautiful.  and  more loudly.  o k. o k.  japanese food..o k.  . i want to go to travel,somewhere. please give me some information. o k. i  want to go to china. how about the plan or the package? please tell me. another plan,  do you ha, ?. how much   it cost to go? five-days plan. hundred fifty-thousand yen.  o k.  if   i select the five-days plan, beijing and shanghai. where do i go, another place?two cities ?o k.  by the plane from japan to china, go and back?o k.  ..o k.  thank you. yes..no. so i want to go to china.   how?,   ticket.     if  i will go to china,i get the ticket from the   shop.  for example,    jal,   j t b,or      shop.if i go to    internal japan place, i get the   ticket  by myself.no.one day last week,  a man and a woman   walk in the street. it is rainy day.     from some,     sounds come. a man  pay attention to the sound. and   the find  a little cat. the girl hold  the cat.  the cat looks like very  charming. and the girl say that she   take care of the cat. so,       she ask the man to  take care of the cat. but the man say "no.". but the girl strongly insist that she want to take care of the cat.  so the man    is annoyed.  and at last, the man   allowed her to take care of the cat. and    the man and woman go back to their home..     i give my blood. give my blood..in shinjuku. and i study english after  giving my blood at school..o k. thank .