sure.  my name is .good. how are you?that's good. totally no idea. i've just back from the united states ago, so.right. it's last sunday, so  i really wanna sleep..i was in new york for like six months, five months, yeah. it's about six months.since september..right. before attacks.it was amazing. it was incredible.i was in  soho, and i was in twenty-sixth floor and it was like twenty minute by walk. i saw everything.yeah..so i couldn't really figure out, buti heard the explosion,  people screaming. everything, i heard it. everything  i saw it. . it was bad memory.. it's kind of training time and i was in  . i was a   student and i learned english and finance in . yeah, at first time i mean,  at the beginning of   this business trip,  i was in a host family.and  yeah, i mean he's an american still.right. and next time i moved to the   dorm, like .  it was novemeber. and also  i had a roommate  who is american also. .roommate? sure.  he also student of the graduate, i mean he was   and he studied, i think.   it's  english class, i mean, he's gonna be an english teacher, i think in the future. so,  i think he was in  english, i mean, educational department.he was pretty good. .we all loved baseball so we enjoyed that on t v but,  yeah.right.on the weekends?   i was in the library whole time to study english. and  finance .but some people  i mean, go shopping,or like go sight-seeing, whatever, yeah. i mean, should i talk about honestly?.  .she's . yeah, i miss her. ?.but, yeah.that's why.. no. it's o k. she was  a student of .we were in the same english class and yeah, it was pretty fun to be with her.right.sure. ..o k. this picture is about ski.  and    i mean, some of them skiing, i mean, when  skate? and one of them  fell down on the slope. and what i supposed to talk about?   they play snowboard. how do you say that? snowboard? yeah. some children play it, i mean play snowboard. and  is it teacher? i don't know, i mean, he tried to teachstudents  ski. right..  i don't to like ski. i mean, once i tore my muscle in my left.right. right so    i mean, i don't want to ski.i mean, i used to play baseball for eighteen years.but the reason that i tore my muscle when i was playing baseball.in a game.right.  it's like  team sports.  i mean i can't play alone, i can't play individually.like, we need nine players  at least to play baseball. and let's say, it's  about practice. we really enjoy playing  baseball in practice. and also in a game, we all excited  to win the game. that makes me attractive. right.  i do, yeah.that's a good question.  i mean, the power, right. i used to play baseball in new york,  so i mean, i had some experiences in there, so. i mean, even we practice a lotthey got big power and can't defeat them.  even we practice a lot. so, that's a difference, right?right. power, i mean.like a ichiro?  ..better than  i mean american.    it's  answer that.  let me think about it.   i think  like ichiro, i mean look at ichiro. he's the one of the best players in japan and he's got a good eye and good leg. he's faster than anybody. so i think most japanese  people, i mean japanese baseball player, they don't have any i mean, specific power, like big power. but they still have chance to get  some title or something by running or like hitting the ball. .also  defendant play.  i mean, even like we don't have enough power, i mean like ichiro or like shinjyo, they got a good shoulder and they got a good shoulder and they are good at throw ball to the home, so.it's better than american people. but ?sure.sure.hello. this is .hi. how are you? how are you? good?what?. o k. it's my part. right. o k.  i'm sorry   my mother got  sick andi should stay in my house to take care of her. i mean, my father works in a company andmy brother went to shopping.i'm the one only person  who can  take care of  my mother.  yes.  she's really sick,  i mean,  she needs me. right.i'm so sorry about this. but i have to take care of my mom.  i'll make excuse for them later.yeah, sure.  i will have a party for them  in my house. my mother will treat them. so would you mind? cannot go.i mean, my mother is so sick. i mean, i should take care of her.no, sometimes she's upset   she tried to call me. she needs me, i mean alright. you can enjoy your foodin your house.  there are so many people. right?why don't you eat?..thank you very much.yeah. .o k.not really.right. sometimes, yeah.. for fun? i was with my girlfriend  and we went to shopping, we went to movie. yeah.right.? i went to the countryside for the shopping.  i mean, there's like a big mall in white plains.  and it's north of new york. and there are kind of big malls and there are a bunch of  shops in the mall and i mean,   my girlfriend really wanna buy everything.so, i just follow herto bring her stuff. .i mean, she loves clothes  like  food, so i just treat her like a princess. i paid a lot for her.i paid a lot.....  can i start? one day last week,  a man    he was on the way to the station. and he brought a suitcase,    it's a bag.   and then he arrived at the station  but when he was in the platform, he fell his bag to the railroad. and  he was a  little bit upset so  he tried to complain to  somebody who was in  platform.  but  there is nothing, so he tried to get   the bag so. but there's only  train came into the station and he was also upset. but the bag is still on the railroad, safely. there was nothing problem, so     he felt o k. but so, he called the station  staff   to  i mean,  pick up his bag. and finally, he got his bag. in new york?  i mean here?. o k.  i used  subwayto go to school, i mean class. right. there are like so many class, i mean in new york city. i mean, there's not only one school, i mean, we had like bunch of class in different place.so  i needed to use the subwayfor transportation.  it was dirty.  i mean, dirty and there's   never on time subway come to the station.so  i also figured out that there are no time table in subwayin new york, so i was a little bit, yeah.  all japanese want to be on time, so sometimes i felt upset about this.right.i think they don't care about this.  they don't care about the time, right. i mean,  they do, but they don't really think about it.right.o k.of course.yes.what does it mean jetlag?  no.  i don't have any. i mean,   i'm sorry, came back to japan, i was here like sunday night and i mean monday morning,  i had to get up, so it's almost change. it's fine. and then, on the day i mean, on mondayi worked until two. so, i mean there's  nothing .right.. no.there's nothing. right.thank you very much.o k.