i'm ., too.. right now, i live in , ,.. by myself? . no. i live in dorm  . prefecture also runs a  dormitory.. you know, there is a foundationfor  growing youthin  so.and it's  to  prefecture government .. it's o k. it's o k.  for people,  for growth,  sometimes problems happen. it's o k. you know,  cheaper.you know,  it's cheaper compare to you know, living by myself. rending a , it's much .. yes. so   they feed us   .morning and supper.what you study. .  i'm a fresh man of political science department. so  since i'm a fresh man, so i've not decided my major yet. butbasically i study politics.  you know, i think you know, just  i think everything is related to politicsfinally. you know, like   sorry.. you know, in everyday life,you know, roads and regulation or traffic or like  common welfares and stock. you know,  governors comes.you know, i'm sorry. . i can not explain so well, but yeah,  now  i wanted to learn why  point to see the matters, how it's going on. so..  like  o k.before i got into university,i hardly read newspapers..accidentally i passed the test. . ". there's my name.    you know,  that's my number. . my god.".   i believe that was accident. accidentally i got into college. and every one is so smart.you know,  even the guy   looks like fool.but they study a lot.so i realized   i should study. then i start reading all newspapers.then  now i try to get used to read the books.but i used to hate  reading books.i prefer to read a magazine,visual thing. so now i try to read the books. you know, it's tiny thing. for me,you know,  i think myself making effortsday by day.. i so far i've never missed the class.i  up the classso.. o k. should i show the picture to you ?o k. o k.  this is a class.a teacher is teaching  mathematics.and there is  about  six students .and     some looks studying hard. yeah.  one guy who has a   yellow hair    seems, he's studying yeah, kind of hard.  but  other   chewing gums and  chatting.girls are you know, doing make up stuffs and chatting.  some guys are you know,   he has a earphone on and  drinking you know, soft. some are chewing gums.and yes.  you know,   .  i don't think this class is good. sorry.bad vocabularies.o k.  . o k.      i went a high school in .and it's kind of advancedhigh school entry college.so  we studied  for like  center test or  yeah, materials for college.then  we hardly see such students. yeah, but one thing  yeah, there was a sleeping people.. but i hardly see this picture..   you mean when i was in a high school?o k. i bring my stuff  like magazine.then you know, it's really quiet, long as you read the magazine teacher hardly notice me. or yeah, most of time i took class really seriously..yes. .yeah.o k..sure. so   what situation should i start? like  should i ?o k.  excuse me, madam? excuse me, ma'am?i bought this dresses at this   warehouse. but i really don't like this.i really don't like this.  this clothes size is really bigger to .. no, i didn't.  you know,  i saw it, and i just fall in love in the dress, and then just bought it.so i hope you can exchange other bigger one. i just tried it once at home.  it's still brand-new.and i also have a receipt.you know,  you know, the other shop i went,  they always welcome this kind of complaining. i mean they always welcome to i exchange this .you can do that.just hide it from your .i can give you  tip instead.really?  how much   are you paid for this, i mean, i'll pay it.. so what shall i do then?   should i take this to the flea market instead of it, or you know,  i don't wanna waste my dresses. it's really cute and  awesome design.i just want to change the size.  you know, i'm not saying paying me back the money..   go for the boss. . yeah. of course. .o k.thank you...o k.  do you really think so?thank you.. no.  i just heard the story who try to exchange the stuff .and she argued.and finally  she got different one.,  but in most of japanese stores, they don't accept  exchange. but in the states, they do a lot... .  . do we have time limit?.one day last week,i went to the station baggage  which i just boughtyesterday.and while i was waiting at the station,  the man next to mejust hit me with his elbow.then i dropped the baggageon a rail.then you know,  sorry,    i complain him, but   he seems   he doesn't know what to do.then  of course i don't know     should i jump on to the rail .but i think that's dangerous. and then the train just came in, and i was surprised and shocked to see " my god, my baggage is going to be broken.".and my fiance's . thanks, god.the train just stoppedfront of the baggage.that was safe. i mean that was o k.so    i asked the station man to take the baggage, and i got it.. i always feel   like you know,    i said i live in  .i always    to get school.and  lines in a morningespecially in a morning, it's really really crazy crowded. i always hold my bag like this, andjust wait. i mean  you know,  just try to forget the time passes.i .i hate the crowd.  in the crowd.  sometimes you know,  old guys, .in summer, sweaty .yeah..   especially. i'm going to go home straightly.that's boring... yes.. thank you very much. i really enjoyed .