yeah. .yeah.nice to meet you, too. i'm fine, thank you. and you?. yeah. today is so cold..yeah. i teach english to students.. yeah.  i teach to first grade and third grade.yeah. and it's very fun to teach english. but  some students don't like english. so  it is difficult to make them to feel like studying english. that's the problem.sorry?. like i suggest  that they should see some movies in english, or  read books in english. . at first,     i'm sorry,    i always say try do things in english and see some movies   in english  and listen to music,yeah, in english.yeah... yeah. some do, some don't.. always  i goes to see movies. .. .i like hollywood movies.last movie. . yeah.    i don't remember the title.. it's a  love story starring keanu reeves and charlize theron. do you remember the title?"sweet november".yeah. that's the last one i saw.. it was  . it was very interestingfor me.yeah.   feel like  falling in love.yeah.o k.yes.  i think this is a restaurant. .  a couple is sitting on the seat, and having a wine.  i think  they're choosing the wine. and  a waiter  recommend  one wine. and i think  one of them,     a man says, "this is o k.". i think he is choosing  this wine.  and  i think it's seven p m. and  there is a lady  playing a piano by the clock. and the other  two couples are there. .  they're having their dinner. .  that's it.? i'm sorry.. no. not so many times. usually,  i eat dinner at some    shop.. and  beef bowl. beef bowl. so i often go there.. yeah. yeah.  i look up  magazines. there are many magazines   introducing good  shop. yeah,  there're many magazines like that. so yeah,  i check them, and they show some pictures of the . so if it looks good, i  i choose the shop, and  i go to eat it. yeah.yes.o k.o k.yes.  i wanna go to new york as soon as possible.  i wanna take a train to new york. so  how much is the ticket to new york?yes. . for example?so  it's the fastest one is   i'm sorry.super express.that's the fastest one?so   can i have the ticket of that?two hundred dollars. it's expensive,  but it's o k. i'll take it.thirty minutes. so   thirty minutes.  ? is there  another one starts    earlier?five minutes.later. . how long does it take?twenty minutes later.the fastest.       which ticket should i choose if i want to  reach to new york ?o k..yes.number eight.o k. thank you very much.no, i'm not.broad?abroad. yes. . australia.and many asian countries... almost by train.  at first, i went to singapore, and  i  took a train to thailand by a  .. the train was  not so clean. they're   not so clean  as that in japan. yeah. but   it's not so tiring.  i can keep a seat. and yeah,  i can say it's comfortable. but the train is a little dirty.yes.yes.o k.one to six.now?o k.  one day last week, a lady went to a department store. and  she chose a tie to her husband  because his birthday is coming.  and then .  o k. yeah. she presented it to her husband. and next day,  she went to the department store,  the same department store. and she found   many cheap goods she found. yeah. it's like thirty percent off and fifty percent off. so  she bought  many things. she spend a lot of money   to buy cheap clothes and shoes and so on.  and she went back home with  many goods  that she had boughtdepartment store.. recently   i don't have enough time to shop around.because   i take so long time to choose clothes ..  because   i don't wanna feel regret  the goods i bought.so i think  that's why  i take time to choose things. and   i don't have so much money. so if i spend my money,  i should take timeto choose.yeah.. tonight? yeah.  i go back to home straight,  and have dinner with my parents. i think it's  today.yeah.it's really warming.yes.yeah, thank you very much.thank you.