 my name is .yes. fine. but  i'm a little tired because   i worked  until eleven p m  yesterday.and  i have  slept  only for  four hours.  i'm  little sleepy now..yeah. yes.yes.  i will go to     prefecture.     used to be  business town  few years ago. but now    changed it into  shopping town.  because  a  big  shopping mall and outlet mall  were opened  last year, like  currefour   from french. yes. so  i'm looking forward to  going to .and  doing shopping.yes..outlet is   the place  where  the products  are sold.    sorry, these product have a little  defect   like   dirt and spot so  the price of these products are a little      less than  product  which are sold in the department store.yes.yeah.  i like  buying something in outlet mall because    i don't care for   quality so much. i think  the price is most important thing  for me.so i like to go to   outlet mall.yes..   my relatives  came to my house and  we enjoyed  .  it's   traditional japanese foods and  i enjoyed  watching t v. i like  . it's like  marathon.   some runner  passed one      how can i .  sorry  i can't explain.it's like a marathon.yes.no, i don't like.    i just watching it.o k.yes.  this is a picture of   private room. . a  young lady  own  this room. there are many  equipment  in this room. for example  personal computer and  word processor  on the desk, and  stereo recorder on the cabinet.    and yes      she might like  using  personal computer.  and  there are two animals in this room.  one is cat and another is dog. . they all are sleeping in her house. .   she might like  reading books because many books  are put   in the bookshelf.  that's it..yes, i like. i like  mystery books and  business books.yes. i get them  in the bookstore  and sometime  i  buy them  through internet.yes.yes. at first  i access the home page  of bookstore.and   i write  the name of books  i want and  so the computer search  my book. and it is easy to   get them through  computer.yeah.  because   i don't have enough time to look for the books    and it is convenient  to get books through internet.yes.yes.yes.o k.hello  this is   speaking.?yeah.very well.  i want to watch  a movie on this weekend, so why don't we  go to a  movie if you have time?yes.o k.  next weekend. how about next weekend?o k. yeah. what kind of movie do you want to watch?o k.  i like action movie, too. o k.   . what time  are you convenient  next  weekend?o k.   the movie will start  at  twelve o'clock. so, it's o k.o k.  after  watching movie   i want to do shopping. so  how about going to shibuya?it's o k?o k..  and  i'm going to buy    some clothes and furniture so  i want to go there by car. do you have a car?  o k.  i have a car so   i will   pick you up and  go there. i don't know where  you live.  please tell me  ..o k. i live in .so it is difficult to pick you up.  so  would you come to  shinjuku  by train?. . i will go  to shinjuku and i will pick you up  at  there.thank you very much.thank you. sometimes.  i don't like movie so much. i prefer  reading books  to watching  movie and t v.so if i have time   i usually   read books.o k. one day last week  young man and young woman  were walking on the street.   it was rainy day.  and he heard  a cat crying and  they found  a little cat  in the box.    she  worrying about a cat because  it was rainy day and it was very cold. so  she asked him   to take a cat to their house.    but he was reluctant to do that. but  again  she ask him so  he accepted her idea. and   they took the cat to their house..that's it. no.. but  we  used to have  a little dog.  but it had  serious disease. and  it's died.yeah. we  burned it.and   we are keeping  the bone of   the dog.yeah.yeah.yeah. the good point is   is to make us  relax and   we can enjoy with them.it's good point.yes.. . yes.and excuse me?.hmm.  i don't like   mechanical animal like "aibo"    because    it's just  like toy.   and they don't have  emotion. so  i don't like them so much.yeah. i hope, but     i don't have enough time to keep some pets.and    i don't have enough place ..yes...no  i live  near .so  i often  went therebefore opening   some malls.but i have not  go to shopping mall yet.yes.thank you very much.thank you very much.