 my name,.nice to meet you.i'm living in  city.. do you know the new town, ?it's a good town. kind of place?   what?. it's a new town   developed  twenty or thirty years ago,  city developed a new town. i am living in  over sixteen years.yes.. my wife and my son.my son name is      his name is  and he  is a high school student,  the second graduate,  he's crazy about  computer game.  not good at  studying. headache, i.no.yeah, just  i, "drumania" do you know that?  it's a good ,   play station. two games.   it's exciting, drumania. it hits  the drum pad   the game play the drum music and scoring  a point the hit the drum pad.it's exciting i think..i play the guitar my wife  hard rock.   my wife is hard rocker.    she is a    band    no,  it's not.  she is a good electric guitar players.yeah, playing hard rocks.yeah.maybe ten years or so,  she was a jazz player at the student time  but than   ten years ago.but   she started the electric guitar ten years ago and she's  a good player, i think.meet her?    i met  her on a   university. i was    no   the photograph club. . i belonged to it and she came a two years ago.yeah.but   i didn't think  i'd marry to her it's all a long, long, ago time..  o k. . this is a restaurant. and  men and women are drinking  no, just  this man  tried to taste the  red wine and     a    wine waiter,   he's asking to him, "what is this wine, it's good or not?". and  there are two tables.  and they're enjoying   maybe dinner at seven o'clock. .   it's a good restaurant, big halls  there is a piano players singing some romantic musics ..     it's a good restaurant.  i often goes restaurant to eat lunch  and sometimes  family restaurant. casual restaurant.. it's cheaper   before i am married, i went to  high-level restaurant  with my wife, yeah.i would that a good restaurant but   usually, i go very casual restaurant yeah.o k..  excuse me.. i'd like to go  new york city by train,    how shall we do  to buy a ticket to new york?o k. here? o k.  so   i didn't know that. so     what's the fast train?   fast train to new york?express?  first, o k.  what's the next train instead? yeah,  i'd like  to take local     no express.what time does it ?twenty minutes? o k.   i like to take that train now.. how much? three classes? .    the lowest   economy class.forty dollars? o k.forty dollars.thank you. bye,. yes. sometimes    business.. the best city i went  is  new orleans.yeah.good old french town and a lot of jazz musicians are there.it's  good to walk around and hear the jazz music. it's very nice  air.atmosphere.o k, is this me?anybody.   . a women  visited a department store, maybe japanese department store because it's written in japanese.  .   she may be  would like to  take a necktie maybe her husband?       she' asking   necktie    she decided the  necktie  to buy. and  she's asking the department store   .a man to     she,  would like to buy a necktie and  then  pay the money    she  somewhat asking i don't know what. but  he   make a direction to somewhere and the third floor. .is this good? . what? tobacco. . it's  american tobacco so    it's a  the difficult one to buy in  my town. i can buy it in  .i don't care i don't worry. yeah. because i smoke.  only thank you.plan?  this weekend,  so  it's a very difficult situation. because that the japanese custom  i   .       my wife's father  dead one years ago.so.we have to visit  ,  his  his tomb and ask    to   i don't know what to say in english but.thank you.