good evening.o k. my name is .yes. it must be easier . say my name is very unusual name.yeah.. i like that kind of thing, the odd or rare thing. so to me, it's o k... always very peculiar name  even among  japanese. my father from one prefecture in japan, but, still, we don't know  where that name come from.. i'm work for  one scholarship foundation. i've been working for  almost    this coming october.i feel time flys  very fast..   my work is  kind of assistant work. but i have a lot of thing to do because  there are four people  including me. and only three of them are over fifties. so,  you know, only i say, young and lady, it's only me. . but it's o k. but they are not so good at dealing with computers. so, like making  some documentation, that kind of thing. i do also some like small things, sending documents to  each country.that kind of thing take  much more time than you expect.yes. because i can meet people from south east asia.  we gave scholarship people working for university in their country including thailand, indonesia, philippines and singapore and malaysia, only five nations. so, before  i begin this work, i haven't been to south east asia, also haven't met those people from that area. so i have many chance to meet them. also, found out i feel so  comfortable to meet them in asia area  than people in europe or u s a.. i suppose i can  just get relaxed when particularly in speaking english. i don't care much like grammatical thing or that kind of thing. if i speak with people from  country  where     mother tongue is english, i feel kind of tense. i care much more about grammatical thing. if i make mistake, what can i do?. recently, i'm interested in coffee shop. we call it cafe.  now, i think it's getting popular.    i think many cafe shop open in everywhere. very popular place for young people. the last sunday, i went to aoyama, then visited some  cafe and enjoyed talking with my friend.i didn't visit   many shops,  clothes shops,  shops..right..  o k. so it shows one small town.  there are many houses,  but this picture focus on one house. and there are several people doing each activity.  there's one girl that play jumping with ropes. and there are ladies who are chatting each other, they must be neighbors, and one lady has her dog.       it looks  she doesn't care about her dog. also, there's a guy reading newspaper in  her's garden. and  also, there's guy  doing jogging on the pavement.all right. .  . the place i live also  is area where  there are many houses. but it's rare to see people walking outside on the street. also, when i was young, i saw a lot of kids playing outside. but, recently, it's rare i see people even  kids playing outside. they must be playing  in their house, or i don't know.  they must be busy in going to cram school, . . i think it's also one of their destiny. just kids who born this century. but, if i have my   child, i prefer  that they just go outside and play with their   friends  rather than going to cram school.all right..o k.. hello. this is .how ?. i called to tell you i'm afraid  i cannot go to the party this evening.. i'm sorry. .  i have things to do  which in today. so   this time, i cannot escape this work. so, sorry, i definitely join the next party..  . . anyhow, i cannot go. so, please say them i'm so sorry, and,  in the near future,  i'll invite them...thank you.bye-bye.this situation?. not much. but, maybe, tomorrow.  because  i was invited to the party, but, today, just before coming here,  we had meeting. and i  have to finish  some work by, maybe, tomorrow.yeah...  it happens last week?. one of them is me?. o k. last week, i went to see the cinema with my friend in college. and   the cinema was the story about one guy    fight with the terrorism. and,  before the cinema starts,  we bought much of food or drinks and including popcorns and cokes, and so on. then, three of us enjoyed the cinema. the story was so exciting. some parts were so scared particularly. they have very realistic sound system. so i felt sometime very tense even though i know it's just a story. after that, we couldn't stop the chatting  about that story. anyhow, we enjoyed it very much..yes. but i have no time, no . but, , no, two weeks ago, i went to okinawa with grantees we invited.and, at that time,  the one typhoon hit okinawa. then,  we  had to cancel our schedulelike visiting      u s force. . sorry, i forget. then, but we canceled it and had to stay our hotel. we had completely nothing to do. some people enjoyed doing cards. and some including me went to cinema under the heavy rain . they enjoy it the story.yes, very much.right.. i feel like go home, but i might go back to  my office to do some work.finish by tomorrow.you know, unfortunately, monday next week is  .always  i have holiday when i don't want to .normally, people  feel happy when you have holiday. but, when i need time, always holidays come.i hope somebody else are still working. but, you know,  in my office,  .i guess they might have  gone .. very much.. thank you.