my name is .  so-so. that is because  i'm very sleepy now. last night, i had  some assignment to do. so i couldn't sleep well.   reportto hand in professor  about  morality and education. the title was  "morality and education".briefly? it is difficult.  yes,  now for children,  it is difficult  to teach what is morality.  but    teachers force them to obey  some rule they made.but i think  it is not suitable for children.  i think it is the best way to let them think, let them, children, what is good and what is bad by themselves.and so i think it is the best way to let them make their rules by their thinking. ..i major  in english literature..    i'm sorry?now?    to tell the truth, i want to read some books i want to read, but now, i have some books i have to read.the book is about shakespeare.and the elizabeth era's drama   about    such kind of books     to write some report for the test.    best play is   "hamlet". , difficult.so i'm interested in. live in  prefecture. of course by train. it takes  one and half an hour.and  firstly  to come here,  i use  line.and at  station, i change the train to  line.  and by  line,  i go to station.and at  station, i change the train to  line.and i come here. yes. .   i live with my family,  my parents,my father and my mother and a dog named annie.   for four years. when i'm free,      it depends. but  recently, if i have enough time,  i go to see a movie or   yes,  i go out with my friends.. but  i don't have so enough timebecause  i'm very busy because i have part-time job at cram school.so  if i find  sometime,  i spend a time to read some books.     in a sense, i enjoy. but it is very difficult to teach.  i teach junior high and   elementary school studentbut it is difficult to make them understand..and make them  concentrate on what they are doing is difficult, .yes.yes.   this picture is    a girl's room.. and in the room, a girl is sitting at her desk. and  on the desk, there is a  personal computer  and the printer. and in the room, there is  another materials,  for example,  her bed. and on the bed, there is a cat and aside the bed, there is a dog.      i can't see the dog's face.  and cat is sleeping. and  behind the girls, there is a  audio system.  and    under the audio system, there is a phone.  and under the phone, there are some books.   now the time is nine o'clock.  but it seems not so dark from the window, so maybe now is morning, i think.yes. . and    i think  what she is doing.  maybe   she has to finish some reportand  from now on,  she will be go to school with that report. and  beside her, there is a  dash box and in the box, there are   some paper.  so   she must have write  over and over again, . not so different. i think it's  very similar to my room.i have also  personal computer system on my desk.  but  i don't have bed. i use futon.so in this sense, it is different. yes.   she is very .    can i use "she"?   she is poodle. do you know poodle?. but it is different from other poodle for me.  i don't cut her hair in the style of usual poodle cut. my mother cut my dog, annie.  she is very good at cutting. so she is very pretty. like sheep.o k.hello.   i'm .yes.  thank you for inviting me to the party.  but  i have to say i'm sorry to you.that is because   i can't go to your party. but  yes,   i wanted to go to your party, but i have some assignment to do until tomorrow. so i can't go. i'm sorry, very sorry. but  if you have  another party,  in near future, could you invite me?.  i'm sorry, but if   i don't hand in the assignment, i will drop the credit. so i have to do tonight. so  i can't go. i'm sorry..  i know that. of course,  i have planned from few month ago to go to your party, but suddenly my professor  told me  to hand in that assignment. so    i can do nothing about that. so, yeah, i'm sorry.. yes.   i have to   put in the assignment.yes. of course. .yes. and   i also like to  invite my friends to my house. the last party?  the last partywas held by my father.my father friends came to my house from south africa. so my mother and i prepared for dinner.and  i cooked some dishes, for example,   salad, and i made ... o k. one day last week,  a friend of mine,  her name is jullie,  jullie called me. and   she invited me   to go for some place  for a dating. and i agreed. and we decided to go to the zoo. . and   i can drive a car so i decided to go to her house by car and  pick her up to the zoo. and  we got to the zoo,  and   we enter the zoo. and firstly, we come to the prison of lion and it looks very fearful.  she feared, so  i told her, "don't worry. the lion is in prison, so  we are safe. so don't worry.". and nextly, we went to the prison of monkey  that was eating banana. and it was very pretty. and   she looked pleased with looking at the  monkey.  and then,   we go  around in the zoo  and looked any other animals and it was very enjoyable  for us..   there are many places i want to take them. but one of that is  edo tokyo museum. do you know? in ryogoku. and in that museum, we can see many kinds of  materials that shows japanese culture.      i've taken some people from another country to the museum and they're very pleased. ..this weekend? this weekend,  i don't have .