good morning.. i'm fine.pardon? you know   county? ?  is near , but in ..   i ride .  and  my nearest station is .   from  station, it takes about  twenty minutes.yes.  i live with my mother and my brother   and my cat.. her name is nyanda.   she came to my house at about october. recently she gained weight.  and she can  and .yes.   i tried   to lesson her  and . she is  wandering cat.    she was at   my apartment's entrance..yes.. i join to basketball club, so  almost   i am practicing basketball  in  ogikubo...   i started basketball on this summer, so    i can exercise myself. .i lose weight...i am a bit   tall,    and i think basketball is     nice looking. yes. anything is o k?there is six people. and,  three is female,  and  another three is male.  and, there is three children.  a girl  is jumping with  string. and, two boys is playing with white ball, and near the  boys, there is two dogs.  and,   their tail is moving.     and, there is a car, and  on the car,  a cat is sleeping.  and,  it is  fine day.    the sun's color is yellow and  his face is smile. . .   there isn't such a   nice house in my  neighbor. there is many mansions  and  apartment.. i like this  better. because       neighbor is noisy and  there is many exhaust gas.  so  it seems very  clean, so i like this better ..yes.yes. o k.yes. i want to buy a basketball shoes.  i want to asics red color basketball shoes.    please bring itto me..  another color is o k. please bring  twenty-five centimeters shoes.  white...  can i try to it? it is a bit narrow. please bring  twenty-five point five centimeter.. yes, pink is o k..thank you. .   it is suitable for me. i take it.yes... pardon?  i want to pay in cash.yes.  it is  ten thousand ..o k.thank you.yes.  i usually go to koenji,       clothes is expensive in harajuku or shibuya. koenji is cheaper than them..the best way of  looking  good clothes is  walking around often. . yes, shop to shop. ..yes....yes.    one day last week, my mother tried to cook our meal. but,   she didn't find anything in refrigerator so  she had to go shopping to supermarket. and, she went to supermarket  by the car.   and   she choosed many things.    and,   she paid money.  and,   she lay  baggage  in the car.  and in my home, she cook   egg,  and  she had  water boiled. yes, but   the food i cook is not so tasty. . maybe  i have  only a few experience, so i can't understand  how much sugar or  salt or  alcohol put in. .i  look cooking book, but      it irritate to me  so i don't like see cooking book..thank you...     i have to attend a science lesson this  test.. yes, but    this lesson's theme is  human brain, it is difficult for me ...thank you.