my name is . nice to meet you.nice to meet you.. ,.last night, i couldn't sleep well.yeah. very hot. so  i couldn't  sleep well. .i'm now nothing. i'm retired from my work four years ago.yes. i was elementary school teacher. but before i married, i worked in junior high school. and junior high school, i teach mathematics. and after married  i turned to elementary school. yes. and all totally i worked thirty-eight years. yes.  it's very important  job and very interest because children everyday changes.so one children today is very very lovely,but next time,  sometimes changed.  .yes.  and now i have got a lot of letter from them.yes. and new years card or  summer card,i get a lot of. and most of my   is  when they  got married,they every time  report me, and send me a picture.yes.    among the my children, the oldest is about  almost.  they are  getting old.and so i was getting old. my family,  i have one  husband,  she was working at high school. she was teaches . and  she is now working at  accounting.yeah. and i have two children. but one children is son. when she was nineteen years old she was died  with  car accident. and elder children is   daughter. she is now living in . before a month ago, she was living in .first time she  go abroad in  and graduated  university. and after that, she came back to japan, but she couldn't get interesting job. so then moved into . then she went to  university. but  is very very cold when winter season. . and she went to . and she could get  accounting degree. so  last year she started working. and  when i retired five years ago, first time i went to . and i lived there  nineteen days. and where i practice driving.  but  if i want to get a drivers license,it need at least six months in u s a.so i couldn't get drivers license. but i can .yes.   she invited her  for the dinner. and she  the very very wonderful  dressing and necklace. and  he is weared very light yellow suits. and  they are now going to have dinner. and now he is going to taste the wine what kind of wine he wanted to order. so   waiter asked him, " how about this wine"? so he said, " it's very nice wine. please offer it". and  another group is now  eating dinner. and  piano player is now playing. and there are big  watch. and maybe this restaurant very expensive restaurant, i think. and  this couple   maybe marriage, maybe, i don't know. but now marriage or engaged, but they are very  wonderful time they are having..   and piano player will be make good atmosphere. and   they are feeling is very getting well. yes. .last time,  last week i went to rihga royal hotel's restaurant.and  that was   after the last class. so we went all five. and we usually went to three people. but  that was the last time. so teacher and another young woman joined that. and first teacher explained  how to take  this test.  that's the group there are two people  already has taken last course. so they are well-known. and most interesting  thing is how to grown up a good children.  one of them,  she is a house wife, and she is not  anything so   since she got married, she everyday prepared for her husband suits, tie and  and , socks, everything. so   when sunday  her husband  went to go to  for a walk, but  she didn't prepare anything that time. her husband asked, "what shall   wear"? and she did everything  prepare for dinner. and when she is going to eat out, she has to prepare everything.  her husband did thing is only eat.and she did the same thing her son. then  single , "  i want to married everything do household ". . and another woman said she was very very slow and very very polite woman, and she said, "my daughter is ,  look at me.". said so. then  someone said "isn't your daughter a emergency doctor? , and deep  injured person come to the hospital, maybe she looked it very long time and then after first aid".so it's too late. but she said, " don't worry. my daughter  in the hospital quickly". and she asked me, "how to grown up the children"? so i said, "usually  mass mother usually doesn't always grown up  independent children. and usually strict mother  usually heartful children. but generally a heartful mother grown up a good children," i said. i looked a lot of children.and i think so.. i begin?yes.yes..  do you have some good  no.  i joined your tour. and i had a lot of interesting time.  but  when i reached the place,  the hotel is not so good. and hot spring is very good. but room is very very small. and we couldn't  get relaxed. and  on the way to the    hotel the bus had something trouble. and on the way, we had to take  two hours. and when we arrived at    the hot spring,  it's already dark. so we couldn't walk around the   area.  i think,  could you something pay back for us?yes.yes.. but yet last year  i went to same tour  but that time the same thing happened. and that time   driver and guide  buy something . how about such a thing? yes.yes.. yes. thank you. yes.yes.yes.one, to, one.one to six.one to...last week, we are going to go camping. and so we are  prepared for  many goods. for example, foods and lights and pants and something. . so we are going to go   in our car. so we could get a lot of thing in the car. and then  we arrive the riverside. and it was very very fine day. so we put up the tent.   and    got a fire. and we made  rice and curry stew. and but suddenly it started raining. so we are going  into the   tent. but the wind was very very strong. and   tent was blown away. and we have to got into the car.and everything blow away. then   we are drove in a car.  and rain was getting harder. and   so  we have to  give up to camping. then we went to a some hotel. and we got the hotel.   the weather was very very clean and sun shine. and we are drink a cup of tea and we could rest    . but we are going to take a camping. it's very very sorry. and it's very very  interesting.activity.  excuse me? once more, please.yes. good point  played inside it  doesn't  weather. and when  it was raining or snowing, we can do anything.  but we can't get sunshine. and outside  we can get a  clean air and fresh air. and everything is very clean and wide. so we can play  good large people  or game we can do.  but inside we couldn't get usually  baseball or soccer.  but such a sport we can do outside. but swimming is inside is very good.because it didn't       contain  any  degrees. so  and another one, inside table tennis. it's very very nice in the room. if window blew,  we can't play table tennis.yeah.  i'm going to  have lunch.yes. i met this   class. and  after that, we usually met at    once a year. and we usually go some good restaurant. today i'm going to   rainbow bridge, near the rainbow bridge's hotel.it's there on the   thirty stories. and we can see very very wonderful rainbow bridge.and we can eat a lot of delicious food. yes. thank you very much.yes. ..