 my name is .. me, . it's really hot. tired, but i'm fine... becasue i'm a senior now,so i have to study for the college exam the summer vacation..   i want to be a doctor, so i wanna go to the medical school.. these days, i go out with my friendsbecause i haven't  seen them for a long .so we  went to the theme parkor  go to the   fireworksfestival. . it's really fun.  i just like to wear a and to hang out with my friends and to eat something for the .. one of my good friends   she was also  an exchange studentlast year. and she was in california and so we can talk about our experience and how was it.   and  about  last year, i don't think i should  talk with my  other friends, because i read some textbook it says some friends  feel jealousyabout our experience, so i try to not talk about my year friends.but i can talk with her because we share same time, yeah.so  i think she is my best friend..yeah.   my mom is english teacher.so i don't  english, but she said, "your english is little bit better  than last year.".and she was glad to see me. and i don't think my brother doesn't care .., cause  i hadn't talk with him for a year.when i was in america, we never talked .. .   i was in .and we were close to ,the capital .yeah. . . i saw some kids playing    some game which they are try to  throw the snow ball and try to hit their friends. and i saw one guy  who is  in the snow and i think  i saw one couple who try to learn how to skiing.  and i saw one person  who is snowboarding. and i saw one . and there are  one couple who is  inside and talking..  i help my host father to shovel the snowand i made one snowman. and  my host mom and my host dad is not christian. didn't celebrate any christmas. but i got some from them. and  maybe that's it. .  we went to the downtown and we stayed hotel one day. and my host parents went to the party.  you have to be over twenty-one because   drinking and so i hang out with my friends who also stayed same hotel. we went to the pool and swam and we watch t v,  and drank non-alcohol champagne. .o k. i'm sorry.  few hours ago, i bought this stuff,but actually, i didn't like it.so  i want to return this stuff. and can you  return some money, ? but  i really don't need this stuff... when i was in this shop,i really like it. so i bought it, but when i went to home and see it again,and actually  it's not the one which i like it. so i change my mind and then i came this shop and i .... ?. so   i can't change .o k. so i will be here maybe tomorrow. is it fine?..yeah.. no.i really like to shop. i went to the  united states everything is cheaperthan .so   i don't know how much, but  i spent lots of money shopping. yeah. and my host mom also like to shop, so    twice a month, she took me to the malland we shop ..i think it's same. i don't think it's really different than  japan and united states. but  american's mall is really huge and wide.but i think japanese mall is much taller because we don't have any  the mall, we have to use stairs or elevator.but i think in the united states, there're only two floor or three floor,  and it's wide, so you don't have to use a lot..o k.  one day last week,  amy and ken went to the mall and they enjoyed the shopping. and after the  shopping,  amy wants to go home, so ken  go with her. and on the way to the home,  ken heard some noise on the street. and there is a box and in the box,  they found a cat. and amy really likes it and she wants to bring it. but ken said, "no way.".   he doesn't think that she can handle it. but  amy really likes it. and so finally, ken agree to bring it home. and  amy was happy. no. my host parents had a pet. they had   one cock-a-doodleand one parrot..they are so noisy. but they are so cute. i fed them every night.  and i don't have any pet in japan so i enjoyed to have pet... every night,    my host parents had a special foodfor the birds.like   pancakes for one,  i don't know, some pasta for parrots.and so   we gave it every night. and sometime my host father clean their cage, and they took bathon the sink... and they can say kind of "hello" ...  a lot...  i sent two e-mail, and  when i got ,i called themand i talk with them.  and i think now, they are on trip, so maybe  after this week,    i'm not sure  i'll send them a e-mail talk....