yes. my name is .yes. nice to meet you, too.  i'm from  prefecture. .yes.maybe. . i don't ...? ? i live in  ...i have one little sister.. her name is . she is high school student. she is second grade..yes.  but,  she likes music but i don't likes music.  i like reading book or going to museum. kind of japanese novels.  i'm now reading  mishima yukio.. i don't like    translate,   so i read japanese novel. yes.  i've been to italy and americaand french.  and china.   italy is best  because the people is very kind interesting. and  when i visit italy,  i stay in rome.so,  there is very old buildings.it's very beautiful and interesting.  don't. i can't speak italy. .  i just like italian building or.. free time?  i am very busy because i have a lot of part-time job. when i am free, i have to do many housework.so, i'm cleaning my room or washing clothesor some cookings.    or i'm going to museum pictures. because, to tell the truth,  i want many money, because i want to go abroad,   many countries.  i get money,and i spend money to trip,.. i don't know,  but i'm now have plan to visit spainon this holiday.so  this spring holiday is i have to work. ..  picture is  kind like party.  there are    nine peoples there.  there maybe  restaurant. they eat dinner.  there're three tables  and there're piano and someone plays the piano. and,    it's a seven o'clock. . . .  that's all. . no.yes. i want eating out but  it's expensive, i save money.   usually, i eat at university's cafeteria.it's very cheap. or i bring some rice ballto my house..yes.yes. . i like to go. when i come back to home, my family.yes. . . hello? hello.hi.    why do you go to see the movie? the movies began to one o'clock. so,  we have lunch together, and after that, we go to see the movie.so,  the theater is  shinjuku, how do you get to there?. it's nearly the yamanote station.so we go to by   yamanote line.  at the shinjuku station.   south exit?  at eleven o'clock?. .yes. last movie is " the girl on the bridge,"  in , ","  is the french movie.the story is very sweet love story. and the movie is not colorbut very beautiful. i read  about movies on magazines and i'm interested in this movie,so i choose it.i like french movie than  hollywood movie. american movie   story is  something   stupid or . the text more  and  difficult understand is french movie..  first,   she open the refrigerator,  and she  wanted to eat something, but  there were nothingto eat. so she went to   supermarket by her car. and  she bought  many things.  and then,   she carried those things by her car. and she cooked.  that's all. purchases? what purchases?bought? ?.  when i bought  cabbagein a natural food  store,and   i wash the cabbage,   i find the  in there. .yeah, one worm. but  it's  good to .. .  i say,   "sorry. i don't enough money, so    wait please.   i get money.". and then i come back home and come back again and pay money.yeah.no,  i'm going to spain this holiday,so i spend this christmas in spain.no.  i'm worried about ,  computer problem, i'll come back this year....thank you.