good afternoon. i'm .yes.nice to meet you, too. pretty fine, i think. yeah.. yeah.  i came out of class.yeah.after school,  i'm  to dance club at this school. so dance activities. yeah.  we do basic  movements, and  we have like    not concerts but  what you call it, recitals. yeah. when we have them,  we  practice for the recital. yeah. and people come to see us.  i like dancing.yeah.  when i came to this school.yeah. i saw the dance club    do their activities and i was really interested.  i like to go out with my friends or  do the stuff i like, reading and yeah, surfing the net, . i mostly read   english books.yeah. like "harry potter,"  stuff like that.yes. i have a brother who is living in england right now. he is   twenty-three this year. and my sister is eighteen and she lives with me. i mean, yeah. and i live with my parents. i live in ..  he finished college and he's looking for a job right now..  i think he's going to live in england forever .  he's i think he's going to get the  what do you say,  nationality? yeah. so he's going to be english for  future.  he's living in england since like he was thirteen or twelve or something.he's  just too used to  just yeah, he's much more used to england than in japan..  it's  sunday morning. and yeah,  kids and  people are doing  yeah, the stuff they like. and taking the dogs out for walks or like    i mean,  he's jogging.  and kids are playing with balls and yeah,   yeah,  it's a nice place, i think, nice neighborhood.  a man's  reading  newspaper.   do i say  what's on the  describe?  i lived in .yeah. it's quite similar, i think.  yeah,   there's  lots of greenery.there was a big field  yeah, next to my house.yeah.  yeah, dogs were everywhere. everybody were walking their dogs people, they're playing around. so it's not like all busy like in .yeah.   yeah, i think we were more comfortable  there.pardon?. like the area is more, you know, not . and  it's so fresh  you know, not that dirty.  yeah, they were very nice, i think. yeah,  we used to have like garden parties and yeah, afternoon tea party.. scorns and yeah,  milk . yeah,   i can't really remember now. it's like six years ago. ..yeah..hi. this is . i'm really sorry to say this, but  i can't go to your party today.yeah.  i'm really sorry but    my mom is sick in bed, and  i think she really needs my help.  yeah, and help around the house. so i decided not go today. . . my sister's busy because    she's studying for the exams for  i mean college . .and my brother's  not at home.   so  i guess it's  only me.yeah..    i guess, o k,     i'll throw a party next time and i'll invite them all. yeah. and have a surprise party for you guys.yeah. .yeah, .o k. thank you .yeah. it was my birthday party. yeah. and   i went to school and when i came back, like  nobody was at . but  i knew it was a surprise party so, i was kind of thinking   they're hiding somewhere. like   thirty minutes passed and like i was all alone at home. yeah, and i got kind of . i don't know what was happening. so like i went to the fridge and opened the fridge and there was this big cake for me. and then   my brother came behind me and said, "you saw the ."yeah. and everybody started  coming home and bringing the presents and stuff. yeah.    the food was already served. they were just waiting for me to, yeah, find the ...one day last week.o k. one day last week, a man was sorry,   yeah, driving down the street.    yeah,     no,  anyway, from the , a man was riding a bike and  talking to his girlfriend on the cell phone. and  the man on the bike wasn't  looking really carefully.  and   he bumped into the car and dropped his cell phone. then  when he bumped into the car, the car broke. yeah, the car crushed into the bike so a bit of the   bike was broken. and then the bike man was really angry because    his bike was broken  and his cell phone was also broken. but the man driving the car  was angry because it was the  bike man's fault that they crushed. so they called the police    and they told him what happened. and the man driving the car  explained that  the bike man was using his cell phone and not looking properly at the road. so it's  his fault. and the policeman agreed with the man driving the car.   so   the man driving the car got free and the bike man  was going to pay him? i mean, not pay him.   so the bike man was going to      clean up his mess all by himself. and he also had to hire a truck so  he could  take his bike back home.yeah.in .  traffic system.  when i was there,     i mean you know, i hardly had the chance to  ride on bikes or ride cars.  so i don't really know, but over there, the road is really  wide compared to japan so you don't really, i mean crush into things really.  but once my brother was riding in his  bicycle, and he crushed into a man  riding a motorbike. yeah. like my brother was really stupid.   he was  holding ice creams in both hands and riding .  yeah.  that was really terrible to him because the bike man said it's my brother's fault. and  it is his fault because  yeah, he wasn't being careful.. and we had to pay    for the things that was broken. yeah,  the man riding the motor bike also had on this leather jacket. and he ripped it so we had to pay for that as well. yeah.it was terrible. we had to pay lots of money. yeah, he was fine. . yeah. it's really fun.  yeah, it's really better than junior high. it was really strict.yeah. it's public but it's strict like private school.yeah, much .