yes. my name is .nice to meet you.yes,  i feel very nice.yes.. so-so.  because air is  clearso in that sense, i like winter. it's too coldto . . not particularly. but  i'm enjoying to go to museums. .yeah.so it's not activities but it's under the roof. to see many pictures, to see photographs.and i like art. so i'm doing painting by myself, too. .yes.oil paintings..i like a abstract picturesbut  now i'm doing, you know, just  drawing flowers and so onjust for practice.. because i think      i can appeal more  about my   sense, i think.yes. and for abstract painting,  you can feel    your own feeling.. so that's why.yes. i'm   working as a counselorfor the student  who wish study in england and switzerland,and canada.yes..   you know,  every student has a different purposeto study   in europe   some other countriesand they really change  during their study.so i like to see  you know,    yes,  how they change.yes.yeah.yes.  i lived in england before.yes. .?.  yes.  england,  maybe  . and  there are many famous places in england. but the food is not very good. i like  the  performing artof englandbecause  it's very popular.    and england has  the  history.and you can visit many places from u kto go to france and to belgium.many places, so it's good place for traveling.yes. . no.  particularlybutmaybe in this summer,  i may visit englandthrough my job. yes..    a man is  standing near from the table. and the couple  is just about to  eat dinner.. it looks like a french restaurant.and  yes, there are only couples in this restaurant.  and  it seems that  they look quite happy. and maybe they are celebrating some  anniversaries but i don't know, maybe birthday party. . and  the man, he's tasting  red wine...yeah.. it depends. if   it is a valentine's day,i will prepare dinner by myself.but if it's a birthday party,  we'll go out togetherand have a dinner,yeah, outside.yeah. yes.  i have many magazinesand  it introduce  nice restaurants, and   we are interested in interior.so normally i choose through interior magazine,yeah, where to go.yes..  yes. i like a tiny restaurant..  owned by individual owner.yeah. so  i like a restaurant near from   where i live.yes. . yeah,   yeah, french and italian...... so  i can think the reason by myself..  o k.yes...hello, this . i'm sorry but i must tell you that i cannot attend dinner party.yes. .i'm sorry. i feel too sick. to go the party but  it seems   it's really difficult.. i'm not sure but i have a stomachacheso it could be cold. i will go to hospital from now.and  let you know  later  condition.. yeah,  i'll try to find out ..  that's a good idea. but  everybody's enjoying the dinner party don't want to  disturb them, yes. really?. . i feel so sorry. so  please eat the cake by  yourself and take a photo and send it to me later..yeah. very much..  last time,  i went to wakayama prefecture.yes.  and stayed there for three nights. and  i tried to visit as many hot spa  .yeah. that was very nice.because   it's my first time to visit wakayama .and  i didn't have any idea of that place but  there are many nice hot spas around there..  like shirahamahot spa and  yeah,  so many local hot spas.that was really nice. i was interesting to visit some temples around there.. they would be a world heritage    in this year......o k. .  one day last week,  i have a promise to meet my friend, so i drove a car to go to that place. and the man was  driving   motor bicycle. and he came just in front of me. at that time he was calling  by mobile phone. and i crashed to him accidentally. and his mobile phone was broken down.  and  he complained about it. so  i must call the policeman to come and explain what happened to him.  and  lastly,  yes,  not only mobile phone but also his  motor bicycle has  broken down, so he couldn't drive any more. . ? his  motor bicycle was also  taken by   some driver. so i must compensate to him later, so i'm very worry about this accident now. .yeah.yeah.. not now.yeah.yes..  if you  train,  you can enjoy scenery but you must bring  your baggage by yourself.and it's not convenient. if you are not driver to drive a car, it's very convenient sleep and you can do whatever you want.you can see magazines and you can enjoy scenery. if you are driver, it's too tiring.. so i prefer to travel by train..and   i don't need to worry about the accident.yes.. ..yes. i will meet my friendyes,  dinner.yes.  it's ginza. restaurant.no.  it's not convenient from .but  because today is friday need to worry about tomorrow.. .thank you.