o k.. i'm .nice to meet you.. sorry. i'm not fine. because i've got a cold. .  it's getting worse.. actually,  since  last monday,      i caught a cold. but since then,  how can i say, health condition is getting worse.then today. .. usually,take medicine. and then sleep...    last weekend, yes, i should have    gone to bed  for three day. but now, i'm quite  busy working. so monday, i was at the office. .yeah. probably that  caused the condition   think..my job?. . now, i'm belong to the consumer insights,and communication,to .then to see sounds quite strange to you, i think. actually we are doing a kind of market researches,for the marketing people.then i'm in charge of the such market research, works for hair-care category.you know, this company sells many shampoo and conditioner and  products, for their marketing development,i contribute to the market research.. i basically like.but too .. cause i'm interested in human behaviors,then in my university's days in , that was almost  more than ten years ago, i   major was the   social research.so since then, i've been interested in this kind of job.yes.my free .. free time. recently,  this is very personal story,but last month, i got married.yeah. .. thank you. then just moved to the new apartment, my husband.so  in these two or three months, quite busy about marriage,especially, in these two or three weeks,quite busy to buy many things .. you know.yeah. but .o k.. probably this picture shows a kind of restaurant. . probably western foods serve restaurant, i think.then, seems bit a high quality  restaurant. because the   waiter serves seems a bit expensive   wines,   for like  people. yeah, but they  are having really nice evening with such a gorgeous dinner.?. not so formal but yes, a kind of. later in april..yes.my plan? . . my husband is   also from the same rural area as me.it's   and my husband is from .then,   for our families and relatives, we have the  small kind of party with  just with a family and relatives.yes,  in  in ..yes.. . that's   depend on  the person. but me, i will in  shinto way ,with white  and a white make-up, .   quite simple. in such a rural area, there is no such a nice church. , i was born as a  japanese woman. so  i have  curious to be in such  traditional clothes as a japanese......sorry. i have a question.. you have a station officer at station or inside the train?station. o k. so the station is where i like to   get in train?o k.all right.. . .  . . ..   i forgot the problem. because now  my train  has already departured. but    i couldn't got in the train. so i now has   ticket for the reserved seat. so can you  pay back the money for this  ticket or   exchange this for as a  ticket for   the train will be departured later?. but, you know,  this is not on purpose, but my husband was  in hospital. then, i couldn't move from the hospital. because he was sick. so i think this case  i can ask you to be paid back... but  i'm sorry, i need to  go to the tokyo today. but i have no money to buy another ticket. so      i have no way to do... because  i need to attend the meeting in tokyo. from seven p. m. today. so if i miss the meeting, probably i will miss my business chance.so.  but    is there any way to be back to tokyo?... ... o k. thank you. . . thank you so much. this is my ticket.o k. o k... i think  i have no such experience. i think so.or i just forgot about that. . yeah. generally, they are so kind now.because you know,  probably more than ten years ago, the train was   run by  country that time. their attitude was so bad, i think. but now  they became  to a private company. so they try to be   nicer.  try to serve us nicer  before..  . . fairly same, i think..o k..., three, four, five, six.. . one day last week,  i was so excited to go out with my sister  to go to a kind of nice lakeside camping place,   to make a  nice lunch outside.  then in the morning, when we      start moving,  it was quite nice weather. then, we didn't  expected    it will be raining. and with car,  we    packed with many materials for   outdoor cooking. i and sister move out. then,   around twelve o'clock, we arrived just beside the lake. then we make tent then,  make a fire. then we start making lunch.  i'm very excited.  but   when  it's ready to have lunch, suddenly the weather    turned bad. then it start raining. then,    my sister seems it o k.  it will be changed into the nice weather as morning.  but it's  getting bad and bad.   then  wind was  also     blew. so      we thought we need to find that hotel.   then  when      thunder is    thunder   cames our area.  we luckily found the hotel to stay. so then,   we get   inside hotel. and change our clothes. and have a coffee and    felt ease.so    last weekends,  actually we had a  bad accident, but   finally,   we could enjoy staying hotel just besides the lakeside. so that was not so bad weekend for us.. yes, i like. but i don't like to   wash out the, kettle or   such ,later when we back to .? cooking. but i don't like,   wash out. ..i will move back to meeting. i don't know.   but actually, i like to move  back to home  quite earlier, going to  hospital.but my boss,asks me many works. i'm not sure when  i come back to the home. thank you.i'm really sorry if i make you catch a cold. thank you.