hello.my name is ..fine, thank you.i am live in  in  prefecture.i take shinkansen express from  station to  station and transfer to local  line.no.   one hour and twenty minutes. so this is kind of the same  time for the people who are living in   area.no.   i moved from  to  head office,   in nineteen ninty-nine,  sorry,  last year. and, when i was in , i  built my house, and my family is living in that my house. therefore i cannot move  the house. that means i have to commute to head office from  .yes.every morning and every evening. usually from  to  station,  i take   line or  line whichever,  if the time is available .  but, as far as i take,     line,  is very, how can i say,   .   how can i say, many people are in the same compartment. but, in case of shinkansen,  i can relax on the seat, so it is very nice..   . actually,  i have been living in  for five years,  not five years, six years. and   my country is kyusyu, so   i'm not aware of  city very well, but  it is very nice city. and  as you may know that . from , we can see the  and also  .and  when we   go shopping in ,  or  by the train, so it is very convenient.yeah. kyusyu,   kyusyu. what kind of   story do you like to hear? or the people's nature. .childhood? o k.   yes, o k.  when i was in kyusyu,  in kyusyu,  maybe, you can imagine that there are many mountains . and   kyusyu is a island, so  my hometown is  located near the riverside and also the mountainside. so i have   four brothers, and usually i  played around with my  brothers,   climb mountain and also fishing in the river. so   when i was child,  i was surrounded,  by the many natures. and that is   totally different in .  is located in the very flat land. so,   when i try to go to mountain   i have to drive my car for  more than two hours .yeah. that is the totally different.. what kind of description shall i tell you ?about the city . o k. .  .  o k.  this city is     between the river, and  there are one station,  train station and   banks in front of the station. it's  available and very convenient for the people living in this city. and also,   very big supermarket is available, and,  near the supermarket, the movie theater is also.  you can enjoy the movie theater near the supermarket .    and hospital and school and public library is also in the same line. so, when you try to,  go to the official,  how can i say, buildings or the  governmental  buildings, it is convenient for you. .  and   this city has  many  greens, so  almost all the places you can see the trees  the buildings. and  in the  bottom south of the city,   there is a big  route four hundred forty four. so  the inside the city,  i guess there is not so,    sorry,  the   route four hundred forty four is winding in the south, so you can access this  big  route easily.  and, of course,  you can take the train, and     this station   has six local lines,  so   five local lines, so,     when you are going to go anywhere you want,  you can take many kind of local lines..yeah. i guess it is very well-designed  because offices and banks  are building neighboring each other, and also, school and public library and hospital are also very close. so, this is very  well-designed i think.yeah.  school and hospital must be available   within, at least, twenty minutes  on foot, and also, the  supermarket should be located    around my house. and other things are not so important for me because we can take cars . there are many bus and trains,  but, at least,  when i consider my daughter,  school and other public  offices must be   should be closer for my daughter and my wife.yes. hello, this is .sorry,  i couldn't go the party. . . yeah. .yes.  unfortunately, my  grandmother has to go to the hospital, so i cannot be my house.yeah.  at least,  she is now o k, but  she was very dangerous situation last night.sorry,  i have to  negotiate or  i have to talk with the doctor,  and i have to prepare many things for my  grandmother's  stay in the hospital. so i'm sorry i cannot go the party. so, o k. maybe,   someone around me, my wife could bring the wine to you.o k? .    i really  wanted go to the party, but, unfortunately,  due to   my grandmother's condition,  i cannot go, so, please accept my apology, and,  next time,   i am sure i can go. so, please invite again.thank you. bye.sorry, i did not prepare very well .  i just read the sentence, but i did not prepare. but i should    when i go to the conversation. maybe, but,  not so often.yeah..o k. .o k. one day last week,  in the morning, i went to station to take my train and i was in the line, but the people in front of me  push my bag. and bag ,    fell down to the  train track. i was really  got angry, but   the people in front of me were  not knowing the reality. and  he never admits that  his knee,  sorry,   his elbow  put  my luggage. but,  fortunately, the  rail guard took my bag up, and   i could take my . and,  after getting the train,  i put my bag in front of me,  and  i could relax in the train.yeah. immediately, i took my luggage by myself.. because     i'm not sure  when the next train come or not. if the train is coming, and  i could see the train coming, then i would not try to such things, but  if the train is not  visible, then  i'll try myself.yeah. dangerous, but,  how can i say,  if the train is  coming, and you can  notice the train coming. it is dangerous. but  the train is not coming, then  i don't think it is so dangerous.yeah. basically,  but this is not admitted, but,   of course,  it depends on the content in the bag. i don't like that. yeah. because .o k? .. yeah. train must install something,  very  latest technology to shut down door,  how can i, to interfere the  waves.then, maybe,  no one can  make a telephone call. thanks.yes. i have to go to kagoshima prefecture from .yes., yes. over night. yes.. and you, too..