. my name is .. i'm living in ,  -...  i live with my wife. so, before getting married,    i lived in  with my parents.. i prefer  to  because   it takes less time to     commute the office. so   i like .my wife?o k. . my wife name is .  she is working in . and,  especially last year, she was very very busy because she  works for  the trading about  the souvenir  sold in  tokyo disneyland or tokyo disney sea. and then,   this year,  tokyo disney sea was opened. that's why, last year, very very busy. so   she came home very very  late randomly. so that's why   my cooking ability was improved. .  holiday?. so, because    my wife and me  is working. so,  in the holiday, we have to  do  some homeworks, i mean, cleaning or such kind of things. so,  sometimes,  we go shopping or go to  restaurant. so   we often go to the hometown of my wife.hometown, . because  we have to get the  food.food. yes. .. so  we have no time to  cook everyday, so  we go to her house then get the food for a week.. so her mother cooked very well. so   we need  food..o k. . this is mountain, and  many people are playing skiing and enjoying skiing. or  i don't know how to say, but  many child play  snowball. and also, there're  one   snowman. . and also,   one couple  is talking with some drinks.  ,   ,   , and   one people are play snowboarding, and  one skier is   down  on this  . . .. not especially. .     i play skiing  about ten years ago. so, since i joined the company about  eighteen years ago,   i go skiing every year. but the only one time a year. so i'm not good at skiing . . i enjoyed    speed skate. so  mister shimizu  got the silver medal. so i was very impressed because   his condition was not so good, but   he tried   very very much and to get  not gold, but silver medal.. a little bit. .yeah..yes... o k. so, excuse me. .yes,     i would like to return this product.yeah.so, would you please   give me money  of this product?. i bought this  shirts, but the size is not available for me. that's why    i don't want this shirts. so i exchange to money.. no. . i just bought  by just looking. then  i prefer this design, but the size is not fit to my body... but  when i looked at other shirts in the  different shop,  i found the much better one. that's why i don't need  shirts anymore.. yes.here you are.. yeah.. but   i don't need this shirt anymore because the size is not fitting to me.  that's why i want to refund.o k.o k. .  . i  prefer  the wear.. not especially, but recently,   i often go to uniqlo  when i buy or when i   look for the casual wear. because every day i   have the suit or shirts  with necktie. that's why  when i look for the casual wear, i go to uniqlo because of very cheap price.. yes. . although the price is very reasonable, but the quality of the product   seem to be high, good quality. that's why i love uniqlo.yeah.yes... from here?.  who is ?. o k. .  so i took my father to the favorite restaurant.   and my father asked the clerk, "   do you have the good seat?". and   i ordered steak.  ,  we have good time with my father  with the beer and  very tasty food. and i have had very enough, but the    my father paid.  then,  we say good-bye each other, then,  , "i'm looking forward to seeing you soon. bye-bye.". .  it depends on the case. . for example, we have the kind of  party,  we pay equally. but, depends on  the job class. . the cost is different. and,  when we   go drinking with colleague, especially same level or same age friends,  we pay equally.yeah..    in case, the company pays. yes.. for example, when we have the welcome party or farewell party,  in that case, the company  hold a such kind of party. so we don't have to pay.thank you .yeah.after work? .  i usually work  at late at night. that's why  what i do is only going home. and have dinner. yes. recently,  she came home earlier than me.  but  there're some food .so we don't need  cooking. yeah..