good morning.my name is .yes, .nice to meet you.today,  i feel very fine.but weather is very cold.so when i came here,  i was shaking.  i don't like. because it's very cold.and i don't   feel like going out.so i like spring best.weather. maybe  in the cafe, i drink coffee.or  in the house,  i invite my friends, and chat.chat.in  city. it's not very far. maybe  by the train, about one hour or so. i live in . do you know ?   i take a j r line from  station to  station. and i transferred to midosuji line, and   at honmachi station, i get off, and maybe i walked two minutes or so. not bad. yes.no. i live in alone.  whenever   i eat, like snacks or refreshments, it's o k. but if i live with family, maybe it's very  how to say, restricted. or whenever i come back to my house, nobody complains. .  i think it's merit of living alone.yes, of course. my hobby is listening to music  like bossa nova or  like japanese pops, or chinese pops..in detail.   at  first, the sun is smiling. maybe it represents it is very fine day. and  there is a house, and in front of the house,  children are playing. and in front of this house, two ladies are chatting.  and in front  of the house, there is a street, and one man is running. and  there are  three dogs and one cat.  and there is a one old guy.  he is reading newspaper. i think this is maybe sunday because many people are chatting and playing and relaxing. and  from this picture, i feel this is very peaceful atmosphere.my hometown is  prefecture.  i think this picture's landscape is very similar to my hometown  because many trees, and how to say, the road is very wide, and house is very large. now,  i'm live in  city, but house is very small, and nobody live in this kind of large house. so this picture is very similar to my hometown.i like very much.o k.  i can not understand the mean of this card.o k.  please give me a few minutes. i will read. . may i have your name again?.  . now, i'll phone. tlululu.yes.tlululu. hello. this is .i'm very fine. now, can i talk to you for a few minutes? i'd like to go to see a movie with you.  do you have a time, maybe on next sunday, ten o'clock?  it's a action movie. do you like action movie?. really?   ten o'clock on sunday,  there are two movies.one is action movie, and one is romance movie. so maybe we can go to see romance movie, it's o k?so where shall we meet? maybe,  the movie theater is near the sannomiya station.how about meet at sannomiya, maybe j r sannomiya station, central exit? really? how do you come to sannomiya? by jr?..maybe, i think j r line is good.because j r station is nearest to the movie theater so when you come to sannomiya station, please call me my cell phone.now, i will tell you my cell phone number. please write down.zero nine zero,four six seven one,one two,zero nine.? so  let's meet next sunday. o k?in case you have something, and  you can not come, please call me. o k?. no, it's o k. see you..you're welcome.yes.  i like to  go to see movie very much. i like american movie.   i like  do you know,  "forrest gump"? it's   three years ago.but i like it very much. i like love story. actually, i don't like action movie. i think it's love story. . because      tom hanks  loves one girl  for his all life. i think it's very romantic.. and   i think it's basically  love story. and sometimes  some other elements mixed with it. but i think mainly, it's love story..six. o k. . they are high school students. and this girl likes this guy, but this guy  doesn't know how she feels to him. and one rainy day,  they met by accident. and at that time,   it start raining. and at that time, this boy heard cats crying. and   she found the cat is near the pole. and she thinks   this cat was very wet, and she felt very sorry. so she decided to take this cat to her house. and this boy was very impressed  with her act. and they started  having relationship. and they are very happy..yes. i like. because one of my best friend  once lent me one c d.  it's c d, ono lisa. do you know ono lisa? and i heard it, and i was very impressed.  when i listen to this bossa nova music, i felt very relax,  and felt very happy. so after,  i asked my best friend, "if you have many c d of bossa nova, please lend me all.".  not yet. but yeah, maybe half of them. . i think the speed of music is very different. bossa nova is very slow. and how to say, the lyric is not so clear, but  the other music is lyric is very clear, and  the speed is very quick. so  i don't feel very comfortable when i listen to them.. you're . really? o k.today, i will go to sannomiya, and i wanna buy electric dictionary. i have never had it. but i think  from now on, maybe the opportunity to use it is maybe increase.because  my job is related to english, like translation or something.  i work for, how to say,  i work for governmental foundation, and plan the international exchange event. and sometimes foreigner  us, and i will give them  information  about their life or their work. or if they need some assistance or help, i will give them information where they should call to ask. sometimes, yes. welcome.thank you very much.