 my name is .yes. sure. no. not so busy.but i just took mistakes at the time of reservation. so, i'm sorry.    i'm supposed to come there ten thirty, but i thought it eleven, so i'm sorry for that.. yes.yeah, many plans. especially today and tomorrow, on saturday, sunday .yes.. o k.     i have so many friends and  one of my plans,  maybe saturday  eighteenth,     i attended to  private school  i don't know how to say, the student who failed the university's entrance examination and after that, have to study for one year. i don't know how to say. but private schools, and   i attended the private school for  one year and there're classmates and    some of my friends come to  from my  hometown. so  saturday  we'll meet in  and we will have the party with them. so, i'm very looking forward to have the party and talk with them. yes..maybe one of my  classmate.   his name is, i don't remember but his face is very looking like   goro,  the very famous japanese  talent. so  goro-. everyone says "goro-". so he arranged  this party..  this college offered many many various opportunity to join some activities, club activity or   the other political groups or the other groups. if the student have a strong    active mindness, or  other student who    try to interact with other people, if the student have these kind of  spirit or  tried to effort, the college effort everything. but  the student  do not have  these kind of effort,  the college does  not offering anything. but     the most people said that  is  corrupt because there're so many problems occurred. but i think that this is one good aspect and  the student face with the reality  before  we will enter the real world. but the university is not real world, but that  before we will enter the real world, maybe  compared with the high school student, i think that i will face with the reality.   meet with many many different kind of people and many good    my professors so  i think that  offered many various opportunity to, yeah, enjoy it...  o k. can i start?   my hometown is countryside, so now i live in  by myself. i rent my apartment in  city and     the apartment is very very comfortable for me. the space is very large and   i have  very good time in  my apartment.  i have  two pets,  cat and dogs. and i have   my computer,  laptop. and also i have the  telephone and the   c d players, so i enjoy  even all day long inside my room. so,    even saturday or sunday,   my room is very nice. so i could enjoy  stay in  my room all day long.yes. actually, after i entered the university, i started to use e-mail. so it is very easy to communicate with the other people even if  they live  far from here,  not . so it is very easy to contact with the other people, but on the other hand,   these kind of relationship is very easy to break up.  because   the reason that  the  communicate by e-mail is very easy so it is also easy to break up. so,  after  using computer and sending e-mail,  yes,   of course, the   no, communication style with the other people  has changed  by using the computer..yes.hello. excuse me. i have to say something  about the problem of my room. today, after i   come to my room, i don't know   who broke   the window or  the something different happened on my window. but  my window has broken and  maybe    it will rain. so     as sooner as possible,  i'd like you repair my broken window today. and so, could you come to  my room and  check it and  start the repair my broken window today?      there is a hole. the hole size is the five  centimeter. it's very  small hole but   you know, that it wet winter, so   cold window  come into my room. and it is very very cold  inside my room. so,   i just put my  book on the window to protect the coming to the window but  it is very  emergency. so i don't know  someone   broke my window or the i don't know  what going on. but  it is very emergency. .  you already  ?. . but  repairing  my and  the other people's including me window  is  your task. i paid a lot of money for you  to renting the apartment. so it is your    duty, not duty but  i have a problem  ..o k. .yes.thank you. the problem is someone broken ? yes,  i had. actually i live in the dormitory and the next person made me very very loud voices. maybe she likes listening music, maybe the dance music.  so i have a very   .at first, i consult with   the owner of the my dormitory. but he told me that he already  told her about the noise, but nothing has changed. so i tried to make a copy and type it that "i'm a person who live in a next door, and that  even at late night    i heard the very  loud voice. so,  please  turn off the radio or the c d player when the  very night.". so i solved the problem...o k.o k.   one day,   when i commute from my home to  my company,  i have    kind of problem on the station. the problem is that    when i was on the platform,  the next person to me is talking and  concentrated just chatting with the other person. so,    his  leg  hit on my legs and  my bags drop   into the   rail. so i'm very upset and the shouted to him because i'm very upset, because my bag fall into the rails.  but   of course, he could not understand what he should do,  so i asked  the staff of the station. and the  staff of the station, he helped me to   bring  my bag. and   from this moment, i decided to  bring my bag so tightly even if the   someone's legs, no,   arms hitted me.    i decided to  bring my bag so tightly   in that is..  i live in  city, and   my  line started from   station, so   fortunately, i can sit the seat. but sometimes, i have to change in   station, and it is very crazy that someone very look like starting the fight. everyone wanted to get a seat. so,  at first, when i come to  , i'm very disappointed to see that. everyone look like an enemy. so,   in ,   i know that there's  many people and also the rush train is very  tough, but i realized that how tough it is.  i will get the result of   the some test on    twenty second. so after that, i will go to   my dormitory's friend in  . so we will go to   and stay for one night or  two night in her house in . and after that, i will come back to my hometown and stay with my family. and  i have a lot of homework.yes..thank you very much.