. .my name is .yes.i'm fine, thanks. how about you?i live in the ..not so. .just  thirty minutes, .. actually that i've been in new zealand as nearly five years. then i just came back from there last year. it's totally different. you know, first time for me to live in .actually i was born in the  area, .then i moved to .  after that, i moved to new zealand. so everything, you know, the first time for me in .yeah. .because  actually the i'm teaching english. it's just a part-time job. actually i'm a student in a graduate school at, do you know ?yeah, yeah, yeah. there  i'm   student over there. so . crazy busy. yeah. i'm writing the thesis now, so  actually quite busy now. .o k. new zealand,   in what, in nineteen-ninety-eight, yeah, i went to there. then  i entered the university in new zealand. so i took the degree of the international studies.then  i studied sociology, anthropology and then cultural studies and .yeah. the life is really interesting.  sometimes hard, especially the language things. but after graduating the university, worked  as a japanese teacher in a local  secondary schools.then after that,  i have a chance to study again. so that's why i came back..no. in ... basically,  i had a contact with them by e-mail or telephone, sometimes fax.., since i was fifteen, i started stay alone by myself. so it's o k .  i'm not sure my parents though. but  once or twice a year,i try to meet them. then  i think it's o k.. i have  the mother, father, two brothers. older one are the researcher. younger one is a still university student.yeah. he is in .and my father is the daily farmers. and  he also studied and worked in new zealand. i went to new zealand..then my mother is the teacher. so she is teaching in a now  let's see, the junior high school student, ..yes..o k.  looks interesting picture though.. i think  this is the restaurant. o k? and there are  the couple in the center of the picture. . . then the man try to taste the bottle of wine.  his face, i think he like it. so i think he will choose this bottle of wines in this.  other peoples  i think  enjoy the meals. and  one person  playing pianos. . yeah.   i think it's the dinner time. shows seven o'clock, i think. yeah. so maybe it's the dinner time. .yeah..  i often went to this kind of restaurant in new zealand. and in new zealand, there are different kinds of wines. so i love to go. but i don't have a chance to go these restaurants in  japan, i think  in .so   i wanna go, yeah, someday. and let's see. . actually now i'm cooking. so i cook it. and eat by myself. . and  actually,  when i start to live in , the time is really fast and  . then  my work, teaching english,   it will usually finish nine p. m.so after that, i go back to my home and then  cook a small meals andyeah, just a few small, easy dishes, i cook. ....now, let's see,  i like to go to the supermarketbecause there are different and   food and  products are there. so it's easy for me to choose i want. but  the time things, my work finishes eight. so it's easy for me to buy food also the    some other things that it's easy for me to go to the convenience store. but  for healthy thing when i think, maybe it's good things to go to the supermarket and then choose the good, healthy food. yeah.. .you're ..o k.o k.i understand.yes. sure.o k. . i'm sorry.   no, no, no, sorry    o k. sorry, can i start again?sorry. o k. excuse me.i'm sorry that i couldn't catch my train. so could you  change my ticket, please??even though that the another train which i came here was  accidentally late??yeah. .just  the accident.so i think that i can do that. is that fine?yeah. maybe would you check about the accident and then if it's yeah, if you don't mind, would you change my seat? and then otherwise  i can't go to the airport. so please. ..really?  what should i do?  my gosh.  in that case, can i change to the next train to book? really. how much is it?same price?   can you discount some of it?.. o k.  that's too bad. can i talk other person  who in charge this kind of problem?o k. what time  will he or she come ?o k.   actually i don't have a enough time though.  let's see. o k. i will buy and then book in the .  could you organize those? it's o k. it's not your fault, my fault. just  so it cannot be helped. so you know, so that's fine... usually i use the .that line is  convenient for me. but actually sometimes they have a accident. .  and   if i'm free and not hurry, it's o k, i'm waiting. but sometimes i really scared  sometime those accident happen. for example, just  twice the last year, they had the accident. and then they all stopped. but i have to go to  where the i'm teaching.and then my students will be come soon. then  my gosh, the what should  do? as soon as possible, i will call to my boss, then the i explained that. also i called to my student i will be late. and then   they understand, so  it was fine. but  sometimes accidentally and then suddenly happen. so   sometimes i hate the   trains. yeah..yeah, i feel nervous. yeah. ?o k...o k. may i start?. one day last week, i and my friend planned to go camping. and  we prepared a lot. and   my friend, she could drive a car. so she brought her car, then  we drive the car.  then we went to the  mountain. and  we made the camp  near  side of the river. then we cooked  delicious food and  we enjoyed. but the suddenly, it was cloudy and it started raining.then, we decide to go back. but  it was really windy and  heavy raining. we were so scared and  we couldn't  find a hotel it's    near the river, maybe.  then we stopped by there. then  we had a good, relaxed time. first time the we planned to do the camping. but the it was the another .yeah. and  we enjoyed the tea and the relaxing time over there. ...yeah..let's see. i think there are some  possible reasons, but the one thing is the people live in  japan, especially the urban areas, they looks really tired because of their job  or study or maybe the atmosphere or environment.then the they want to see probably the green and the friendly  or peaceful place. maybe that's why. also the some like a children or  young generation,  i'm nor sure, but   they might not have a chance to do the outdoor activities when they were young.maybe that's why they want to try or challenge them to do.then maybe they prefer to do or can relax from that. .. thank ...yeah. .yeah. i have a  meeting after nine. ., i know. these days usually the i work the monday, wednesday, saturdays.so that today, it's the  go there... 