 my name is . fine, thank you..  yeah. so today i get up    as early as usual. so  it took  like   four hours  after i get up. so i'm very   .yeah.  my school is boys' school.yes, and   it takes one hour from my house.    usually i leave house  seven-thirty. and   school festival is very famous.and      two years ago   the festival was reported by  news station. and a lot of people visit our  on that day..  on the festival day,   synchronized swimmingby boys,yeah,  is played. and   maybe  it makes school festival  fun.  and  a lot of people  come to schoolto see that. yeah..  i belonged to a tennis club.yeah. and   i played tennis twice a week.    because our club  has no  tennis court, so i use  public city's court. so     i can use that court only,  till five o'clock.so i can't practice tennis enough. . there is a big house. and  kids are playing on the grass.  one of them is the girl. and    she's playing with,  ,  jumping rope.  and  two boys are playing with ball.  and   a man is running in sports suit.   he seems to  get wet  because it is very sunny day..   an old man is reading a newspaper on the bench. .   this place   looks like calmand peaceful. . this place is     than the place where i live.because in front of my house,a lot of car run. but  on this picture  there is only one car.  no car is running.  and   it   looks like very  good place for kids,because  there is a large place to play. yeah. ..hello.  this is  speaking.hi.  i think of  going to the movie with you.  do you have time ?  what time is convenient  for you?yeah, that's good.  so  we will see   in front of the nearest station, ?  shibuya station.  will you  come there by train?o k. . .yeah.no  thank you.    i can't go to the movie theater,because it is expensive to  a movie.so i watch the video sometime.yes.  i watch  any kinds of movie. "elizabeth"."elizabeth"..  two month ago. yeah.yeah.   yes, very interesting. but  a little difficult story. so but now i am studyingabout the age in the history class.  so  i can understand that movielittle by little. o k.  one day last week,   i saw  my uncle   after a long time.  and we went to a restaurant  together. and       i asked the  waitress of dish. and   he meat.   i drank  beer. but my uncle drank a cup of wine.    i didn't  pay money.       he paid the money for me. and    we parted  after eating. .  .   my father's friendhave the wedding ceremony today in ikebukuro.so  and  i have test,so my family came to ikebukuro together by car. and  my mother is shopping now. and   i have to  prepare for going to the united states. so i will go shopping today,  . . thank you.