 my name is . nice to meet you.yeah, o k, o k. i'm very tired  because  i have  studied english  so long from the morning   until now. yeah,     i'm fine now. o k, yes.yeah,     last night, yes.  i went to bed at two o'clock because  i started reading comics  from  midnight, and i'd like to  finish  reading that book    by one o'clock,  but after ,  i finished  reading that book round    one thirty, yeah. after that,  i took a bath, and i went to the bed, yes. comic. yeah, i love comic, and  that comic  which i read last night  is showing around the  situation of  japanese . yeah,    i could know  how to  produce japanese , yeah,  that was very   interesting.yes,  i live in the company dormitory  located in .   is  located  in the   prefecture, and it takes about  twenty minutes  from   by  line, and my office is located in , so it takes about  thirty minutes  from my  to the house.  it is very convenient ..  my room?.   my room is in the dormitory,  so  there are  no toilet and bathroom in my room, but  in my room,  there are  some furnitures  like a desk and chair and bed, and so on. and    i have many books   in my room about   hundred books., i love reading books  like comic and novels and reportage, yeah, and so on. yeah, and i read a book   per two day.  when  i go business trip,   i usually  read book in  or airline, .  yeah,  recently, i prefer   the economic book  to the novel, so   yeah, i can find a good books   in the library, and  the best way to  find good books  is   in the library, i think. . . yeah.  this is a picture of mathematics class, and there are about  six students  in this picture, and  one teacher  is  teaching mathematics  using on blackboard,  but,  many of students   is not  listening her.  some of them  is talking  each other, and  one of them  is chewing gum, and one of them  is listening   to the  c d or cassette tape     by walkman,    and the front girl  of picture is using a mobile phone, and  this class  seems to be crazy  compared to  my class,  and  i think that    these students are junior high school students.    yeah, when i was a junior high school student,   i  listened to  my teacher  more carefully, ..yeah,   i think  she has to  get angry  with them  more , and  yeah, of course,   she has to     try to speak  more interesting story about mathematics, not only  using textbook, i think.yes... yeah. ...yeah,  this is  speaking..yeah,  i'm in sick now.  i caught a cold, so   i cannot  go your party tonight. . .yeah.yes,  my temperature is about forty degree, yeah,   now  i'm in trouble  because  i cannot go outside,  and  i cannot eat anything, and  there are nothing in my . yes.really? ?.yeah,  i'd like to  try it, but now,  i cannot move my .really? . . really?  i'd like to  go there,  but i cannot speak  so smoothly  with other persons, so     i'd like to ask  my mother to help me tonight. sorry, so i cannot go there.   yeah,   please explain  the situation, yeah,   i caught the  cold and i'm afraid that  if i go to there,  my cold expands around of you. yeah, i'm very sorry.  please explain the situation, too..thank you very much.yeah, of course.  in winter, i usually   catch a cold about  twice a season..yeah, i don't think so  because  i try to take a medicine  when i  catch a cold as soon as possible.  sorry?yeah, yes,    i went to the doctor near my dormitory  twice or  third times, but  in my office,    a doctor  is staying all day,  so i can consult with him about cold, yes, everyday..yeah, yeah.......  one day last week, a father  invited  her son  yeah, a lunch   to the restaurant  near his office. and   he had already  made a reservation a seat of restaurant  so   they could  have a seat smoothly.   and   sorry, a father  chosed a chicken and his son  chosed a fish and beer  for lunch, and they enjoyed  eating lunch   with talking each other. after lunch,    sorry,  he arranged the payment  by cash, and his son  became full. after lunch,  they said  good-bye each other, and his son run away  from him.  yes,  i remember   while new year holiday,  i went back to my home in , and we enjoyed a dinner  in my house.  i love  my mother's cooking, and yeah, in ,  there are many kinds of a delicious food like  and , and so on.  but, in ,   i don't have so many chances to eat  such a delicious food. i like  's food.yes.sorry? pardon me?a parent to me?  yeah,  my parents  does not  request me  so many times, but sometimes   they ask me  to  go back to their house,  yeah, but i try to  come back  home, yeah,   as much as possible  because  around  city,  there are many friends  of me. yeah,  they are old friends.     yeah, they have been friends  since  i was in elementary school or junior high school.  and    they doesn't request so many times, yes..tonight.  yeah i promised to  eat dinner with my friend.  yeah,  yeah, with that friend  i often go  horseback riding, yes. and i will go to  at six-thirty, and  i will go to the   near the  station, i think.yeah, thank you very much.yeah.