 ..? good.yeah. i live in , you know? ..  ?. ? yeah,  i don't know much about . .yeah. i've been living there only for  how many months, four months or five months. yeah, i don't know much about . yeah. usually  use that station, .  you know, commuting purpose. so . so, yeah, i can see like, you know,  the daiei i can see some other supermarket book shops,  that..yeah,  and then also i'm living little away from the station. so it takes,  how many minutes, about five minutes   bike.so yeah.is it ? i think so.. it's relatively convenient. it's a nice location, though,  my apartment.  it was the , right? to  and then some other station called ..so yeah, and i can use both stations.before? .. , . .? i'm a graduate student over there. so i've been living in   for about five years.. and it is nice area. it's very liberal. it's very wild.  it's interesting.  so the community is so diverse. on  on the one,  there's a  intellectual community.on the other hand,  bunch of homeless people.and also there, the street called ,  it's located just in front of the campus.  however that street is famous for drug dealing.yeah. so it's a supermarket for drugs. . so yeah,  so in a way, you know, bunch of different kinds of people living there. and then also artists are there. and then  is famous for  political    you know, activists.so yeah, different kinds of political   the .   you can divide it in different categories. so . and  ethnically  also it's really interesting place. so it's really diverse. you can see  any  ethnic  groupsfrom all over the world.so right. so for example, if you go to  coffee shop, right? so there you can see different kinds of people  in a  and then, you know, afro americans there, the asians there, and then the even among them,are totally different  the ethnicity .so in a way, like  it's so hard to categorize like,  so african american which means so many percentage of do you know  there  the black . category.  maybe like, you know,  ghanaian, british, scottish,  whatever. . all right.? one thing is about the school.. so yeah. i like the school..  i know it's very, very liberal school. and then i'm studying about japan.so in terms of japan studies,  one of best school. and then also i'm studying about  medical and policy. i don't know if you're familiar with this.  but the theme is the medicine. right. but at the same time,   study itself is   anthropology.so yeah, studying about social medicine  yeah, in the field of anthropology. so yeah, that's a sort of unique subjects. yeah. so that's the oldest school in the world,this sort of study..  so that's why i chose to ..yeah..one is space. right.and so living space.   it's very wide, open space in the states. especially in the . right. so but at the same time  because of that, right,  wherever you go, you have to use  automobile.. or yeah. or  at least you need a bike or something. all right.  but here, wherever you go, you have to use commuter trains. right? so that's a huge differences. of course you know,   there are some commute trains  in that area.  yeah, so here, you know the train system and bus system are really complicated.so  used to it. and  then  you know for me, this is the first time to live in  .so i have to know everything.. if you ask me you know,  you know what's going on in , it's so hard to say, " ...o k. skiing place, obviously. i can see a lift. and i can see people are skiing  and snowboarding.  it's hard to describe it.  yeah. so i don't know. so this guy is  playing with snow. and i think they stop.  and so this guy's flipped over. so then  only kids i can see in this pictures. so their the clothes are very  bright. you know, the skis are also bright colors. so i don't know. . so yeah something like that.yeah.. special what? yeah. a lot.so primarily,  recently i play . . so  i can see peoples.so i wish to  yeah, whatever. yeah. soall right. and also i ski. when i was in college, i skied, how many times? saying it like in about two months a year. yeah. i went to hokkaido.yeah...  you are very active. yeah. . .  how have you become interested in playing ?.right.......i see. ., , and .just for  or something.but since then,  my view on  has totally changed. . this is a musical instrument. and they're so serious. and then this kodo, you know,  this group, you know about the kodo, they travel all the world to play  for about hundred days a year.   they play outside of japan.and the other hundred days,  stay in  japan and then playing over japan.and the other hundred days they practice. all right.   to play their new music .yeah. and then i move to the states  nine or ten years ago. then as i told you, like in  last five years or so i lived  in . so then i can see them as  as the local people. i can  see in . and then the guy called  who brought the   from ,  he also establish his own group  there for the  .so   yeah,  that's one of the main group in the states. so i join them.   this is cool.yeah. .no.. yeah then  since i came back here,in , there's a group called  .   i join this group.. and i've been practicing with them.  so it's fun...o k.  wait. . o k... hello? . i have to tell you first?.  all right. so  i'm sorry,  i can't go to your party tonight.yeah. so yeah, there was a sort of emergency  in my family, so i have to go back to my hometown. so i can't go tonight.  but i'm still interested in  going to your party if you have, you know, some other occasions. so  or could you let me know the next time? i'm very sorry about this. ... really?  i'm really,    to hear that. so i don't know what to say. but hopefully you can understand me.  this is  emergency  condition, so i have to go back, you know. yeah. my mom is dying. soyeah, so  i have to go back. yeah.yeah.. .yeah. i don't know.   . . yeah. so normally i'm not doing this, you know. but this is totally   i don't know, the thing what  i haven't been expected. soyeah. so so yeah, i hope you guys can do something   having fun. yeah. sounds so good.  . .. yeah. so i'm sorry.  i don't know what to say. .yeah, i hope .yeah. give you a call. ... .bye. ..party? yeah one is  my friend wedding.you know wedding party.  both of them are  player.so and then, you know, many of their guests are  players and some other musicians. so that was really fun party. so one of the thing is everybody they're connected  through  playing .right. so  in  a  practice,   we engaged a lot of our time.so twice or three times a week, .so then  yeah, so  you know going through this  stage, we establish our friendship.and then there,  luckily, you know, these two  they got married and then    but within five years somebody moved to portland, oregon and some other parts of the states.but  this is occasion everybody united.and then     they're playing individually, you know. they're playing a different groups .however they get together, we jam together playing  together. the wedding, you know, ceremony. that was really amazing.  yeah we were so connected... activities? . yeah in a way, like the  is one of the area   people who are living there, they are very spoiled.yeah, because you can do anything. like arts are there. right. so if you really like arts, any kind of arts including painting and music or performing arts, so you know, if you wait for two years, so within two years, one famous musicians,  they all come in to . you only need to wait  one or  two years. so you can't imagine that kind of place in the world. maybe tokyo.but tokyo is little bit too crowded. right. so it's so hard to get a ticket. but , it's not that crowded. so most likely, you can get tickets to see this, you know, other performers. so that's one thing. right?  also in terms of the sports, also if you want surf, you can surf, although  the water is really cold. but wave is so good. right? and also there's mountain,   the place called  the . if you go there, you can do any sort of, you know,  sports which means like you can go to skiing,  snowboarding,  you name it. so then there are bunch of hot springs along the , the mountain.and   you know,  there's a  casino  in . and if you go to , and  county, so there are vineyards. so you can enjoy bunch of different kinds of wines. you know the  is the best in the world.  yeah. seriously, yeah. yeah.  because the soil and the weather.yeah.  the french wine, it's famous because of their marketing, you know. right. but in terms of quality, the  is best. we are so spoiled. yeah.so even the supermarket, we can get wine, but it's really, really good wine. yeah.so yeah.   so    you know, after you live in   i don't know,  how much you can enjoy wine in japan. . all right. so yeah.. and then in terms of foods,  as you know, there are bunch of different community in . if you go to, say even in  you can go to ,  there is an italian community. , so also like in china town, also japan town, you know,  some other latino people doing some other sort of things. so each area,  you can enjoy different kind of food. means  living there means you can enjoy the world from all the world.yeah.right. right.  is here, right? so   in a way it's a cosmopolitan, ,the tokyo is. however one of the    problem is   cost. you know  like an accessibility. .so the other day, i went to chinese food restaurant.  each plate is .  the cost is one thousand yen per plate. . so you can't afford to pay. all right. all right. versus , all right so even  for students,  it's o k, like you know, all right, overnight, i spend only twenty or thirty buck a night. but  i can enjoy it. here, like a hundred . it's not that enough. yeah, it's so hard. yeah.yeah. ... that's  . o k.so   yeah, one day  last week,  a guy who drived a car really fast. then  a scooter, yeah, are coming from  the direction where he's going. and the guy was with  cellphone  talking to  his girlfriend, it seems. . and then  yeah,  the traffic accident occurred.  the car hits  the scooter. and  then the guy in scooter,  he blamed  to  the car driver  although  it seems it's  probably his mistake  cellphone. he was claiming   the cellphone was destroyed. right. so then police came.  still they are talking about cellphone rather than accident, . yeah. then  yeah,  they're reporting.  also the guy, the  car driver  is  explaining about cellphone. then    the pick-up came. and it picked the scooter up. yeah. and that's it... .. no problem.... thank you .