good morning.yes. my name is .. now,  i'm living in  .    because  i  moved  to  from   day before yesterday.. because     we will moved to     on next  march.  but,  our  contract of  house    was finished    on january. so,    we have to move to   any place  during the   february and march.yes.. yes. not temporary apartment,    this time,    with  my  wife's family.yes. just  two days,  it's   passed. so and  this two days,  i    went home    over midnight so i just     went home  to sleep.  i didn't  talk with   my father and mother  enough. so,  i'm not sure,     about the new life in . so, i will  have time with    her family  this weekend. so,  i will  know the details of the  life in  .   on saturday,    my  university friends    will be married. so,  i will  attend to  the cerebrate of  wedding. .yes. yes.  ,  there is a lot of greens and trees and  very  calm this place,  . so, i like   such kind if place. so,  we decide to move to . so,       is also very   sorry   convenient place because  we can  approach to   midtown  of .  just only  thirty or forty  minutes  by train or car.yes. it's first time.yes.    this is a .and,    there are a lot of people  in this picture. and,  some people  are skiing, and    maybe one man  with  purple  wears  is  doing  snowboarding. i'm not sure. and,   so, in this picture,    one coach and   sorry,  three people is taking a ski lecture  by  a coach,  and  four kids  is  throwing  .   four kids are enjoying throwing snowball. and,  there is also  one   house  builded by wood.  and    a couple is  sitting and  drinking and talking each other  in  this house.  and  a man  with    black wear  is  crashing  in this picture. it's  very  peaceful place, i think. that's all. yes, of course.  but,  last time is   last year.yeah. we didn't have enough time.   i went to  skiing  with my wife. but,   we didn't have enough time, so  just one day  trip.    so, we   choosed  the nearest  from .so,  that   was very convenient. i was very convenient so    it took just  one half or two hours  to go to  by car.  so,  just  although that trip was just one day, but    we had   enough time  to  ski.and,  i and  my wife  is not  so good  to ski.but,     we could, enjoy,  the trip.yes.yes.yes.yeah. this is   speaking. i'm fine. and, you?yes.    will you have   any plan on this weekend? if possible, i'd like   to go to movie with you  on saturday.o k.yes.  do you have any idea,  about movies?? o k.  i also no. . .  we will decide to   after  going to  theater.yeah. and,   where should we  meet on saturday? o k. yurakucho's  station is o k?.   but, i  will have to  go to my  friend's house in  morning time.so, i would like to   meet  with you  at one  o'clock.yes.  so,  see you then.? please call to me my mobile phone... shinjyuku,  shibuya, or yurakucho. because  the   three place  have a  big theater.  it's  very good, because  seat is  very comfortable. and     the numbers running movies  is a lot. and,  they sells  a lot of snack and drinks..yes.  one day last week,       a woman  wanted to  cook,  but     she finded.  there is  no food in refrigerator. so,  she   went to  supermarket  by car. and,    she choosed  some fruits  and so on  in that supermarket.   and then, she bought  some food  and fruits and so on. and,  then,  she    put into   the  cargo. and,  and she   went back home. and, she cooked  some meals.  sometime.yeah. when  i went to university,   i was belong to  rowing team.   so then,   when  i was   one school year, and i cook a meal for my teammate. now,  sometime  on weekend,sometime i cooked for my wife.why?..  it was already fixed  because breakfast is  fried  vegetable.and,  lunch is  how can i say,  , it's japanese. and,   curry or white soup or beef stew .and,  dinner is  four item we had.   main is meat.and,  some  small  meals is  including for example, or, how can i say,  boiled  vegetable .   we could  eat much  quantity,but, quality was not good.yeah..yes.thank you very much.yes. sunday,    now, i'm coach  for that university  team.yes. so, i will go to .thank you very much.yeah.