nice to meet you, .my name is .nice to meet you.i'm very fine today.yes,  it is.yes, i like summer because    there is many kinds of play. for example,  swimming and  climb mountains  and so on.. unfortunately    there are many things to do  in summer.  for example   it is  concerned about my research. i am master course student, so there are many things to do. so  i can't play enough in the summer.no. . this is the first year of master course for me. yes. so it is rather  free in this year.. i specialize in physics. . and i have to  do presentation   early august. . so what i have to do is  the  preparation for the presentation.yes.    i take care about the  things. .  first  imagine the audience not so good at physics. then i feel   i have to  express or  do explanation more  carefully and kindly. . so first i have to  consider that the audience are not so special. and second  prepare and prepare and prepare and study.  i listen to music,  ordinally. . and  especially the classical music. the classical music sounds is very calm for me. so i can relax very much.yes. . for example,  franz list and frederic chopin and so on.  their music is  so called   romantic. and their sounds calms me very much.yes.no.o k. .  it is very fine day. and  there are many person here  and  some animals.   a cat is lying on a car. and  two womans are talking to each other. and  many people  do  what they want to do . and they seem to be enjoying   this fine day very much. that's all.my hometown is  city in  prefecture.yes, sure.  . my hometown has   more houses. or in other words, very dense.  so they feel very relaxed, because there aren't so many houses in this  street. it is, i think, very good. .  my hometown has a very important symbol. it is safflower  in japanese .  and many people in  city likes  the , for the city flower.     i think  safflower is  very pretty. ordinally    the safflower oil was made from safflower.  so many people use  as the oil.o k. ready.. yes, please.       are there any clothes  in the shop? i have one  suitable for the   beach.so let me know about that.thank you.  so     the color is red and  the half sleeve .  so are there  anything  such like half sleeve and red color?i think this shirt is very good. but   i don't like the stripes.  i want to have    so to speak, pure red. i like that. so  please give me.   . how much is this shirt?fine. so i'll take it.thank you very much. yes.  i like to go shopping.    i think  i'm not so good at  care of casual. but  i take care about this point. that is   remember what's i have already  had. for example, what the color of my bag and what's the color of my  trousers. then i can do  good shopping, . yes. .o k. one day last week,       i went to have dinner with  my boss. .   since my boss   had known good restaurant, so  we decided to go  the restaurant. . after we  enter the restaurant,  my boss   decided  what seats  shall we  take. and  after sitting    we decided   what shall we eat. . and  my boss let me  decide  whatever i wanted to eat . and  we  had many  things  good delicious dishes and drink  beer. i drunk beer. and my boss  drunk wine . . after finished  eating and  drinking   all the money was   paid  by my boss. i was very contented. and  after the bill  i said good-bye to my boss. and  thanked to my boss. and   the good-by and i went to home. that's all.all right.     i don't know many good restaurants because  i'm not so  rich. but      i know  one curry shop. .  in that shop, we can eat  the very  real  thailand curry. . and the   taste is very different from the japanese curry.. first it is very very hot. and   it smells the coconuts milk  smell.   and there are many peppers   and so on, i don't know.  but the taste is very good and  i like that.my friend    took me there . and i know that. no. i can't cook.at all.   i go to school from my house. so  my mother   cooks.after this,  yes. i have to go to the laboratory. . so i go there.yes. thank you .thank you very much.