o k. my name is .i'm from , japan.. originally from ..no, i live in  north . . not real,  near ... because i work in  now. so,  it took me about two hours from  to  commute everyday.  but, i didn't want to live in . so, i tried to  be as near as possible.yeah.why did i? ?. it's a long story. but, i tried to once, and  i had a experience with .. yeah. . . what do i do in my spare time?   i like reading magazines and novels,  not so much into music. . i like traveling. . that's about it.. not very   a fiction or science-oriented,     or sometimes non-fiction. but  i like human dramas, i think.i don't really have  favorite authors. i am just pick up anything. sometimes my friend told me this is great book, you have to read it. so , yeah.yeah. lived in the states.yeah.. in .i lived in seven years.yeah. it was. i studied in university.. yes. i went for a english school first. it took me a year to finish. and then,  six years for university to finish. . it was  mixed . i was  getting tired of living abroad. so  i wanted to  come home to my family. but, at the same time, i wasn't sure if i'll live in japan. so i was little bit nervous too. so...o k.o k. there are a lot of people. . one, two, three women are skiing. . and three men are skiing.  i think it's kids. but four kids are playing,  i don't know how to call this,  i don't know, snow  or something? i don't know how to say it.   and one man is snow boarding. and   i know maybe this is a ski class or something.  a person on the right corner, he looks like a teacher, like giving instruction. and  there is a lift. and  there is a lodge. and two people are having a break, maybe coffee break or something. and there is a car parked in front of lodge. and  it's covered with snow. .  maybe it's not a car.    , no, it's hard to tell. and  there is a snowman in front of the car. it's very cute.  and  there is four skies and snowboard  in front of lodge. .. yeah.. no, not yet. .  i think the best thing was that it was really close,  maybe twenty minutes by car.and  it was cheap, too. . you pay maybe twenty dollars for   renting ski, and  a lift and everything. and, you can ski all day if you want it to. so . . we used to go after class, so, maybe like evening to and then when it gets dark. they,  try the lights on. so, you can even ski at night. and  a lot of locals come to ski. so, it was fun..   i've been skiing in japan,  i mean, long time ago. so, it's kind hard,  to remember. but  i think, in japan,  it was a little bit crowded, compared to    one in the states. . and  i don't think   it's a requirement. but everyone has to wear a ski uniform, kind of thing. . in the states, no one wear  ski thing like   we used to wear jeans pants and jacket. and then, it was fine, too. so i think that was the main difference.o k.o k. my god.o k..hi, . this is .o k. how are you doing?. i just came back to the room, and  my window is broken. . can you fix it as soon as possible?yeah, i understand that. but i mean that it's cold, and the window is broken and, i mean,  what i'm going to do it with it? .. this is emergency, too, you know. i mean, i don't know maybe some broke in or something. but, i mean,   it's dangerous, too, if the  window is broken. i mean someone can come in easily, too. i live here alone.. how about tonight?.  why is that?. you're a landlord.  you are responsible for this, aren't you? i'm paying a rent for it, too.. i can put up some board. but, still it's dangerous. i mean, anyone can come in. so,  come tonight? wait.that's fine, too. i'll wait for you... bye.o k.. first i lived in a dormitory. and then,  first two years i lived in dormitory. but, during the summer time, you had to move out of the dormitory.they close the dormitory.so i had to live in an apartment. so i used to share with  american student. so after that, i  moved to dormitory.. i'm sorry move out of the dormitory, and then, lived  in an apartment.. not when i was in dormitory. no,   not serious. minor one was maybe  neighbors making too much noise and . but, usually, you didn't have to report it. you just banged a window, i mean,  the wall. and then, they know what's going on. .. i can't really remember. maybe,  some minor problems like, you know, what water doesn't drain or something like that. . but it's not really the apartment problem. but, once, my  a t m card got stolen. and someone use it. and my money was gone. . so i had to call the police, and then,  fight with the banks' staff like that to get it back.because it was old building. so  they didn't have  locks on the  post box. .yeah, i do...i'm not really a good story  here. . . with my own story?so i can just read this, ?o k. . one day last week,   was going to work. . he went to the station, and he was   waiting for the train at the platform. there were two guys standing next to him talking. and  one guy is  hit 's hand, and his  suitcase dropped into the train track. and,  complained and  ask him to go and get it. but, of course, it is dangerous. so the two guy just looking and  didn't do anything. and, while they are arguing, train came into the track, i mean, platform. and, his suitcase went underneath. and he was panicked. he screened, but it went underneath. but, after train passed by, they found his suitcase  undamaged. and he was very relieved, because there was important document in his suitcase. without it,  he couldn't make his presentation today. . so, after that they asked,  a person at a station and ask them to  get the suitcase.  excuse me. and  he get it back. end of the story. . public transportation system? . it's not great like japan, or  it's a small city. . so there was bus and  amtrak. but,  only when you are going  further way, not in the city, there is no train. . so  mainly you have to take bus. but   all the bus goes rounding and go to downtown. and, if you want to go different direction, you have to change your train once in downtown and go to different direction. so it's really  time consuming. and,  if you wanna go shopping,  you have to carry all the staff. so it was  difficult. . there is taxi, too. but, not so many,  you can call cab, but  you have to wait for a long time. because it's a small town, and  there are not many cabs. . so i think if you have lived there long,  you need a car.you can't live without it..yeah. . i live there for two years without a car. and then,  when i decided to stay longer, i said i have to buy a car..you are welcome.o k. . that's too bad. i'm enjoying talking with .. to visit maybe.  i still have some friend.   yeah, most of  the friend or students  graduated and move on. . but i still have some   family friends there. so,  in fact, two years ago, i went back, and i visited  some of the family..maybe, if they moved and probably not. .. i want to visit   so many . yeah.o k..