My name is .  nice to meet you.
Call me .
Good.  I got up early in the morning, which is unusual for me.
And I've already done one meeting with Mister .
And the meeting went . So I'm  fairly happy.

O K.  he is a head of    a group.    his job is to supervise his staff members and, yeah, job is to create  books and  goods and service for those who are learning Japanese language education for foreign people.
So  I had the meeting with him today to talk about the project which could happen in the future  related to a  university.
And they want  to do  some business with them
in the future.
 for example,  they want  to catch people  who want to learn Japanese language education  .
So they want us to advertise   I don't know.
 we will have another meeting next month.
Let me see. .
Yeah.  maybe ten times a week
at least.
I'm sick of it.
You know,  that's the way a meeting is.  I mean  I like speaking.
I love listening.
  meetings often end up with no good results.
Or, you know,  you have a meeting and you get nothing, and you set up another meeting.  End up with nothing.
      I don't like it.
Yeah.   the only part I like about the meeting is I get a chance to speak a lot.

Meeting people is  basically  fun.
Talking to people and getting to know somebody who I didn't know
is a lot of fun, especially  with somebody outside the company. And you get a lot of chances to learn what other people are doing.
But   
usually inside the company, I don't like meetings
 except I have a chance to talk a lot.
   outside of work,  I like 
reading books. I like traveling  inside Japan,
not outside Japan.
And I like  going to ,
spend five hours there.
 What's a ?     is a cafe   where you can find  lots of 
 I mean comic books. And Internet, D V D 
Play Station, newspaper, magazines, everything.
And you get drink for free.
And   a lot of people come to  just to relax or get information through the newspapers and I like it.
Yes.  about</CO>.
Yeah, that's fun.
O K.
O K.  this picture  is a scene of  skiing. People are enjoying skiing. There are about  ten skiers  including families and kids. And there is a coffee shop. And a man is talking to a woman over coffee. And I can find a   car,  maybe this is a special car for  skiing site. Four kids are playing.   they are throwing  a ball made of  snow and they look very happy.  one guy    is not very good at skiing because he is now on the ground.  he's very upset now. And  you know, obviously it's in winter  but  sky is clearly blue.  I mean I envy people, you know, enjoying their holidays there  although personally,    I have quit skiing  since three years ago.
 yeah, just because     I was injured. 
.
.
 yeah, first, I decide   the area
  you know, for example, Kyushu.
Then  yeah, let's say it's a, you know, five-day trip. Then I decide  the flight. And that's almost everything I decide in advance.
And    I don't like deciding everything   in advance.
Because   I like to enjoy the situation where I don't know what's coming next.
O K? So I don't  decide where to stay,  what to eat, where to go exactly. And I just enjoy what happens to me there.
That's it.
 I like.
Yeah.
O K.

O K. I'm ready.

Hi, . It's .
Yeah. I'm in  now.
Yeah.    I have to apologize first that I couldn't come to the party  me for.
And   let me explain what happened to me, you know, three nights ago.
 my mom called me.
 of course I was in Tokyo then.
And she said  my brother was  injured  because  he got into an traffic accident.
   his condition was so bad and sent to   a hospital in .
And  she was very upset. And I had to do something with her. And I went back to  and  I stayed four nights at a hospital
to take care of my you know, mother and my brother.
So that's what happened. And  I knew that I had to let you know that I would not be able to come to your party.
So  yeah, please  you know, be generous and    let me have another chance, you know.    I was excited about the party and I hope you  would  set up another, you know,  teriyaki party or  party. .
You know, you have lots of friends, you know, 
yeah,  and  you like to party, so
yeah, please  invite me .
Yeah.
.
 really?
.  yeah,      let me see.  frankly, I want to talk to Cindy personally.
, you know, she was hoping to meet me and I couldn't come to the party. So, you know,  it's not nice to have you contact  Cindy for me. So  if you had her  number or E-mail number,   I want it. And  I want to call her and explain what happened to me and   my sincere apology to her.
Yeah. And I promise to, you know, give her another chance to  come to 
when she comes to Japan, I want to see her.
Good.
Good, good.
Thanks.
I was raised in .
Yes. For  nine years.

 have to go there in winter.
Beautiful sea.
Freezing but beautiful.
O K. There are many differences.  one biggest difference is fish.  you never    have fish that  gets you, I mean    food, especially fish in  are much better  than that in .
Especially fish,  rice, water. You can't believe it.
  it's very good</OL>.
And people walk slowly. People don't go outside in winter  because the weather changes  hundred times in
winter in . Never forget to bring your umbrella even if you forget . That's  what people say in .
 but  you know, a better point about  is you have  lots of  like big events. You know, K-one grand prix or soccer,
baseball, concert.
 you know,  is not very well-known place for artists  event promoters,
so they don't  hold events
in .
 like enjoying going to events in .
 that's the
very difference.
, yes, if you like eating foods.

One day last week.
 . O K.
 one day last week,  I remember it was Wednesday. In the morning, I was going to  the nearest station to my home to go to office.
And on the platform,  I was waiting for a train to come, of course. But suddenly, a gentleman standing close to me hit my shoulder by accident, not intentionally. And  my   very important bag  fell to the railway.  you know,      I mean I was surprised and I got mad
at him although he was not intentionally trying to, you know,   hit my shoulder.  But anyway, it happened. So I  asked him to  just go down and pick up my bag. But, you know, it doesn't work. I mean  you can't just step down on the railway, you know. So I was kind of at a loss and I was  looking for a  person who takes care of the accidents like that. But  you know, it's in the morning, so the train runs very frequently and  an express train unfortunately came into the station and ran over by bag. You know,  I couldn't believe it, my important bag. There was a very important documents and  and so on inside.  So I thought that they were going to be broken, you know, scrapped. But fortunately,  after the train went away, I found my bag  as it was because the bag fell between the  you know,  two rails.
So it relieved me a lot. And   you know, which made me stop  being mad at the gentleman. Finally,   the person  working for the station kindly picked up my bag and gave it to me. So I  felt happy and went to work   happily.
Yeah. That's it.
That's what happened .
 yes.  two meetings.
Afternoon.
 yeah, I hope so. 
 yeah.
Forty-five  minutes.
As usual.
I eat out.
Yes.  you know, there are   only three or four choices outside the company 
yeah,  yesterday, I had , so probably today,    something.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
