.
. .
My name is .
 same .
Not so good for me because   I have been  caught a cold.
For    no, few days.
 so-so. 
Not good but  not so bad.
Yes, actually,  every year, I had it, so, how can I say, basically,  usually, I have sore throat.
And maybe, become a fevers and some coughings.
But recently, not so bad.  but few years before, I had  about forty celsius.
Yes. .
Yes.
No, I'm alone. .

 very easy. I went to the clinics or  just take medicine and the shot.
Not so  difficult. But,  exactly, that time is very hard for me and some laundries or buying some foods. That   becomes  trouble for me.
.
Now?    my hometown is  Prefecture.
So, my father and mother  and elder brother  live in the  Prefecture.
?   do you know  is the famous for ? 
 actually meaning of  is, the former time, husband says my wife is the best in the world.
So, that mean   former time. But now,   how can I, lot of people consider  means 's wife is stronger than husband.
Yes.  now, that is basical meaning of .
.
Yes, unfortunately. But, I think very few people only know the original meaning, .
. I think you can imagine  mean,  how can I say,  wife is king or queen, you know.  We cannot imagine the  original meaning from the word. So, I'm not sure why the meaning was change, but unfortunately. .
O K.
Free time.  So, on the weekend,   usually I do cooking, of course, laundry or clean up my rooms, and another free time, I'm watching movies, or videos, of course, studying English.

 yes, .
 anything I can, maybe. 
But, unfortunately, you know, my room is, how can I say, very small, one room type apartment. So, cooking is very small . Therefore,  usually I cook  some stew or such as   very easy   dishes. And also, I have  some  special dishes.  The trade name is Shuttle Chef. Shuttle Chef is    some kind of   cooking tool.
  very difficult to explain. So, for instance, you know some  pot jar  to keep hot some  hot waters. So, the Shuttle Chef is the system's like that. So, to keep stew or something dishes  to keep warm.
So, according  the system or, how can I say, such as tool,  we can cook some stew       without the gas  or electric.
Can you imagine that?   if we stew  on the pot jar,  the stew still keep hot, very hot.
So, the ingredient of stew become soft or become  .
  not time mean? . Depends on the  dishes. But, without the gas or without fire is very safe for us.
And when we put on a stew on the  fire,  when usually we  take miss .   to cook  very hard or very bad. So, that is good for me.
 I'm not sure. 
Yes.
 this location is very good residential area in Japan, maybe. And today is good sunshine, and maybe today is  holidays.    this family has  two dogs on  their yard. And also, there are some  high trees and also low bushes or low trees. And the daughter of this family  can play, I guess, jumping rope, I don't know, I'm not sure.  and  the family's husband is running.  And also, this family has two  brothers. And  they like to play ball games or volleyball or something like that.   and this house or  this residential area has  good traffic situation and  the   roads for cars or running way is very good situation, compare than    Japanese area.  That all.
.
 in ?
 Former time,  is a good hot spring place   as you know, the Ikaho or Kusatsu is a very famous  hot spring. But recently,  after the  economical situation is going down,   such a place is also, how can I say,  less tourists. So,  some hotels or   typical Japanese hotel is also bankruptcy.
Yes. Very unfortunate. And my hometown is near the hot spring area. So, just many cars or many tourist through my hometown. And my hometown has many  factories for big companies. So, we can  understand Japanese economical situation is not so good because of such as factories  not so work hard.
We very bad story for us. Especially, the night time or evening, recently,  my hometowns, such as, how can I say, the bars or restaurant,  was very crowded. But, now,  crowded.
Yes. So, That is, I think, is a changing  from the past to the present.
.
O K.
.
I'm a passenger.
O K. You are station master, right?
 I would like to go to the New York by a train as soon as possible.
Do you have any ideas?
.
.
O K. So, do you have any  way to go to New York?  not only, the train, .
.
. How many times it takes about to the New York?
Two hours. How do you think  from the local airplane to the New York from here?

  O K. So, how much is the cost on the local?
Ninety dollars.  O K. Can I take the local train tickets ?
Thank you very much.
.
Thank you very much.
 on abroad?
No.  actually, I have been taken the train once at  Germany.
But, very short  distance.
  when I went to the Germany, my coworker was also there. So, they took me to around the town. At that time, we took the train.
 the system is very complicated.     no. .
When buy the ticket, we select the one adults or some children, or bicycles,  dogs, .
Very complicated.

.
. O K.  May I start?
One day last week,     they were planning to go  somewhere,   outside, picnic or something like that. But unfortunately,   the day was rainy. So,  they had to change the plan to go outside. So, accordingly     that climate, they finally  found out go to the movie.  And  after selection of  the movie, they went to the theater  before the movie started. The movie fare  was two thousand five hundred yen. And before looking  the movie, they bought  some snacks or drinks. And after that, they watched, some  action movies, maybe, and finally they  could enjoy the movie.
, last time.  I don't  watch movie at theater because   when we go to the theater, many  audiences are there. So,  I don't like such a situation. I want to watch the movie on the home by the video.
So, last time I went to theater, maybe ten .
 thank you very much.
Today? Unfortunately   I already  told you,   I caught cold, so,  I took few days off from   last week. So, there're many  typical jobs.
Maybe.
Thank you .
.
