Hi.
I'm .
Yes, sure.
 I'm a freshman of Politic, Science and Economy .
And right now,  I do not have any particular majors but, you know,  now I'm studying the basic foundation of politics
and  some economic stuff.
 I also taking the seminar   which is about nationalism and multiculturism,
.  Yes. .
   you know,  at the beginning,  I didn't  take it seriously to take seminar. I just wanted to have a chance to meet the people.
You know,   is  so big university so  unless you, you know, take  seminars,  you know, it's hard to get people know each other. So, you know, although   I'm a freshman, but  you know, I wanted the place that I can  get closer to people. Then,
,  you know, these days,  you can, you know, see the nationalism and multiculturism, you know, through the magazines, you know,
   there is a lot of things is said like  nationalism causes, you know, some conflict blab blab blab, you know.  you know, but  I do not know   what the nationalism is in  deepen way, I mean,   deep way. 
I wanted to study that.
 sure.
 like, you know,  everyone  besides me, they are so awesome. You know,   you know, there a lot of things I   
yeah, respect.  They're  attractive in many way.   you know,   various kinds of people  gathers that seminar.
 even take the pictures,
and   is interested in philosophy, or from the fields of  what's called  like social humanity,  used to study at the Hitotsubashi, and majored in laws.
You know, there are     many kinds of people.
 I'm also inspired.
So yeah, I think it was a great
seminar. It's not ended yet.
, you know, so far, I really have a nice experience.
What I usually do?      just  .
 yeah,  watch T V.  .
On campus?    I try not to put spared time between classes.
I make up the schedule .
 no,  sometime I take the classes which I didn't  registered.
  so  I try   not to make .
, at the home, I watch T V,
like wide show. .
Sometime, you know, to know the gossip of celebrities. . 
  ,  you know, while   I'm at this school,  you know,    I feel really   
 kind of upset that ". I should study more" "I got to hurry to, you know, end up my essays.". Then   I always feel kind of hurry  for something.
   so while I'm  at the home, I feel  
I want to escape from the jobs I had to work on.
, you know,
  it's O K to be stupid sometime.
.
O K.      maybe I guess this is at the restaurant. And  some couples are having a nice   dinners. And yes, there is a three tables. And   each of table has  couples and lady and man.  yeah, they seem to have nice dinner. And  O K, then   the right front of  picture,  there is a big table,   not big but O K.  there is a waiter which maybe   asking for some wine  to the guy who's having a red wine. And    they seems  to have  the dinner.    they don't have dinner right now. Maybe  they are waiting. And    I can see the woman who is playing the piano. Then, right next to piano, there is a big  clock,  
 seems old. .  .
.
 So far?
 yeah.     sometime.
.  Like this?
.  it's kind of .
 O K. Maybe that was, you mean,     
Western formal food.
  O K. I always go   cheap restaurant.  not like that. But last time I went to be   rich restaurant was when I was in Texas,  my Japanese friend, she is much much older than me, she took me to the Brazilian
steak restaurant.
 you know,    have you ever had the Brazilian steak?
 the way they eat the meat?
 you know, the waiter have a   mass of  meat. And    each waiter has different kind of meat.
   some has spicy, some has not spicy, sweetie.  you know, different kind of meat  is hanging around. Then   waiter comes each table to serve the meat, then ask.  so  I can have a lot of  many kind of meat.
.
 also they have a salad bar
which is, you know,   you can eat as much you want.

I can't remember, yeah,  salad bar was really   awesome,  had a lots of kind, not only lettuce and tomatoes and mushroom and not only the normal ones. Also  I think they had  really rare kind of mushroom.
 and also     I remember I was impressed. But  what   I actually ate.
    

. I was so surprised. "".
. Yes.
O K.
Sure.  I'm sorry. I want to go New York and  you know, this is my first time to came here. So I do not know  anything.
 I'm looking for where can I found the ticket for New York and   I'm in a hurry very much. Then I got to get there
 as soon as possible. So    you know, I want to take the express
for New York. So where can I  buy it?
 you sell ticket?
So  can I have one? 
Yeah. Express.   the most fast one.
.
Just left?
 so how much, I mean how long   should I have to wait for it?
One hour?
. . O K. O K.     you know,   you know, my mom is very sick and  she is about to   pass away. So  you know, I've got to get there.  yeah,  one hour? O K.  do you know other  way  that I can get  New York?
.
How much is it?
Two hundred? No problem. Just let me take it.

 my mom's life.
Thank you. Thank you.
 O K.  sorry,  let me ask a question?
. .
Story?
O K. .  O K. O K. One day last week, I went to the  department store  for buying my husband's   birthday present. Then I went there. Then at there, they had a really nice tie. So I bought it. I hope my husband likes it. And yeah,  it was   not so high, I mean not so expensive but it's reasonable price. Then  on the way to home,    at the lady's section,     bargain you know, I found they are having a bargain then. It was thirty percent off from regular price. So I look for some  nice shoes   for myself.   I really liked it. And also     I  bought the  sh dresses  which was fifty percent off. So I   bought it  without carefully thinking because it's half price. Then I got out of department shop.    as a result, I  bought too much stuffs  than  that I  got for my husband. 
.
What I consider?  you know,  of course, whether,  you know, he or she would  be pleased, I mean be happy to have it.
   most of time   food has less problem than  buying clothes or shirts, I think. Because,  you know, everyone can eat  food. , you know,   yeah, I think food has less problem.  you know, like  shirts or dress or like clothing stuff, you know, the size
 problem. Sometimes doesn't fit. So I heard that Americans  gave present like when they buy dresses or clothes for somebody,
they put the receipt  with present, I heard.
 that the person who got present,   if the present doesn't   fit the  person, so that  they can switch
the present  at the store. But, you know,   most of time, receipt shows the price.
 I do not do that way.
   yeah,   this isn't my personal story but   yesterday was my  friend's birthday.
And I was thinking to buy something for her.   but in fact I couldn't.     I couldn't have time to  buy, so maybe today  would be the day I buy .
 O K.
.
   I have another class
 in a fifth  period.
So I've got to attend. Then  after I finish the school,
  you know, 
 I go to shop. 
 yeah. Maybe Shinjuku. Because it's  on the way to home.
I transfer the train
at the Shinjuku
and take .
.
.
Thank you.
