Yes,  my name is .
I'm fine, but I'm  very hungry now. 
.   I got up early  in this morning, so      I'm hungry.
I live in    so,  .
 I use   Line and  Line and the change  the line   at  and I use  Line to   Station.
Yes.
 my hobby is reading books  so  yes    I often read  so    many books.
   I read the   books about art and    literature  books.
     I'm interesting in the picture  in Europe   and I like  Japanese picture, too, so    I often read  pictures  books.
Yes. .  So   I like to  go to the museum and so    watching the picture is  very fun  to me, so,  yes,  I feel that  so the picture   made my life so   very   experience  rich. 
 yes.
Yes.  this is  the girl's room and      and  a cat. And  the room has  a bed and desk   and   closet,  so she  she   use  her computer now probably,  and her   dog and cat  is sleeping now. So   and  her room is very clean and   big.
Yes.  firstly  her room is  cleaner than my room  and her room is bigger than my room,  too.  so, and my room   doesn't have computer and  animals, so     but     my room has a bed, too. So  
Yes,    I have  family's computer. Yes. But   I can't use it.
 So,   I   how to use it.
So  I only use my computer      to do  the E-mail.
So   I only do it.
   I send  my friends  so  the letter,  so, that is very  easy to me. 
Yes.
Yes.
Hello,  this is .
   . So,    shall we  go to the movie     tomorrow?
So,    what kind of movie do you watch?
 Yes. So I want to watch  the  Jeanne d'Arc. So,  would you like to watch the  Jeanne d'Arc?
 Yes. So     what time    do we see?
 So, yes.  so,   so I   so   I don't want to get up early so    so will you   so,     do we  meet at two o'clock p m   don't you?
O K. So,  we see at  Shinjuku Station,  O K?
? Yes, so after the movie     will you have  the dinner?
Yes. So,  but  what kind of food  do you want to  have?
 Yes, so    restaurant is      we will decide the restaurant after the movie.
O K. So,   so  see you.
Thank you.
Bye.
Yes.   so   recently,   I go to  watch the  Elizabeth and Buffalo  Sixty-six.
Yes,  I watch the magazine and  so the reputation is good.   if the reputation is good,     I think I want to go. And my friends say    that movie is good,    I believe it and I go to  the movie.
Yes, . My friend   one of my friend is    friend like very  like the movie very much, so     I often go with her.
Yes. One day last week,   a woman  went to the depart and     she    wanted to buy  the  tie. So,  she choose the  tie  probably    she made the tie present  the  somebody and    she asked the shop   buyer    to choose the tie  and  so the   the  buyer  recommended     the tie   looks like  yellow and green, so,         liked the tie. So   she buy the tie, and the buyer  wrapping   for the present  package  and then,    she have the  another shopping so   she asked the buyer    the way to the steps and she went to the  third floor.
.
Yes. 
. I often go to the Ikebukuro Department store. So    I like to buy the clothes so   I often go to the  department store, so   yes  but  I don't have money  so usually   I only watch the clothes.
Yes,  so  the good way to buy the good clothes is  that  I go often with my mother or friends and the clothes   looks nice to me     every time checked .
 I  firstly, I go to have  the lunch,  and I go to the French class so, today is last class.
I'm very happy. 
Thank you very much.
