 my name is .
 yes, please.
. Yes, I'm very fine, thank you. 
Now?
I live near Station. .
So, . .
Now I live contemporary about for two years. I live in so company dormitory.
It's called in Japanese word.
For two years. So our real house is inside in Prefecture.
 .
Why? for my husband's business.
.
.
Because if it's very fine day, we could enjoyed a Mt. Fuji from our balcony upstairs. Yes.
. Yes. I really enjoyed because in is first time for us.
So we could enjoyed so art museum yes, different so concert, very exciting city. So, yes. only for two years.
.
Yes, I have two children.
One is boy and one is girl.
 is now ten years old
in the fourth grade elementary .
And girl is eight years old, so in the second grade in elementary school.
 raised?
 take care of, yes.
 take care of ? No. No. No because so for children even for children, a lot of choice if after school they would like to take some lessons.
. For hobby or study because of so many club it's called and also piano or art or, yes, a lot of choice to take a lesson. So if I compared with not so expensive in , but we could have a lot of choice. .
So, I think, yes, very good for children as well. .
 my hobby?
. Yes, I love so going to the musical.
. Yes.
I really enjoyed. Yes.
.
 my favorite one is a "Miss Saigon". . Yes, I really enjoyed. .
. Yes, so at first watched I enjoyed in London and after I could tried in , Teikoku Theatre because when I enjoyed in London, I couldn't pick up all the words completely so I wanted to so know every sentence surely. Yes. exactly what's they are singing and saying. So, in Japan is cost is about double but I paid and from , I used so it's costs a lot but I tried. Yes.
But a little I disappointed. I think a musical could enjoying atmosphere or .
So, if I could understand exactly the word, sentence not so big advance so a little disappointed. .
So if I have a chance maybe I prefer watch enjoy musical in London or New York.
 So, several musical about seven times, its time I enjoyed in London.
.
 yes. Describe?
So, it's scenery of the about the place for skiing.
And several people enjoying skiing and some children playing making snow ball and threw each other enjoying maybe the foot of the mountain because I found a cottage. through window, one couple they enjoying talking with drinking coffee. So I think this scenery the foot of the mountain and so and also I could see lift which people takes to the top of the mountain. .
 and one man or boy fall down and he is struggling, yes, in the snow.
I think so and so several people I think just to to enjoy skiing or just arrived to the foot of the mountain.
 I couldn't tell surely. .
 But I think one man is saying something so maybe a few people knows each other. .
 after I have two children, very difficult. just after I have one child, my husband I tried to enjoy skiing several times but always he has a temperature. high fever he had a high fever.
Why? Yes. Because during we enjoy skiing, we asked our baby take care of in the nursery place, some yes special place. so many children together and very easy to caught cold. I think so.
So, maybe next day it always he had a high fever so we gave up.
When?
.
.
 typical ski trip. . Yes just before I married and I lived in Prefecture and also my husband lived in Prefecture. So, we often went to Prefecture, yes, next to is very famous big and also if we have a long holiday almost people, our friend who live in Prefecture, go to Prefecture because very convenient yes using bus and not so expensive. So, our friend and also we enjoyed yes Prefecture or Prefecture.
.
Yes. .
.
.
. Yes. .
Hello. Hello, Ms. ?
. how are you?
 yes yes, I'm speaking.
And tomorrow you invited me for the party you organized, but I also told you I'm very glad so I could come to your party but tell I can't come suddenly. Yes. I'm very very afraid because my children, and my child suddenly got high fever and usually if he so he has a fever it's continue a several days so I think his fever it's continued yes tomorrow and the day after tomorrow, so I thought it's better to tell you earlier. .
Than just the day. So now I'm calling to you I'm very very sorry, yes, I couldn't so come your party. .
 yes. So my husband now so stay Europe for business trip so I can't and also my parents live in Prefecture and also I just moved to so I have some friend who I can ask to take care of my children yes I haven't friend. .
.
. Yes. it's very difficult. If so weekend, and also our children is fine not bad condition, yes, it's possible. But, tomorrow so suddenly and also my children had a fever so I can't tell her because almost my friend who has children as well, so very difficult because my son is now had has a fever
So, it's a very .
 yes, say please tell my friend to my regards my thank you very much and also please enjoyed yes, themselves. Yes.
.
 .
 and also thank you very much indeed because you organized maybe everything and so much things. Yes. But anyways, yes, please enjoyed yourself. Yes.
. Yes.
Bye.
. Not so often, especially so a party because after I had children, if we have if we planned party, I always so suggest please so used my house. Yes. Because we usually start at seven o'clock or eight o'clock and it's takes until midnight, sometimes two o'clock in the morning like that next day, so I always, would like to so have a party in my house because if our children want to sleep and they go to bed upstairs. So no problem. Yes. Because my husband I like having party but so our party friend almost people have no children or already children grew up so always yes, I suggest, yes, please use my house.
. Yeah.
 yes. if I will go to somewhere else maybe yes, I will tell honestly because if I tried maybe professional baby-sitter, maybe children is worried because first time to see maybe baby-sitter and even he has a fever, not good condition, so I don't want to. .
.
. .
 yes. This story?
Yes. so a young man so arrived at the station normally about eight o'clock in the morning. I think he will so go to his company and he's waiting the train coming as usual, and he is standing a head of the line and suddenly his bag fall down in the in the railway. And in the railway that's because of next man who is talking another man with big gesture and he think the next man pushed the man who is wearing yellow coat and who is a waiting the top of the line so fall the man's bag fall down. So the young man is upset and he is complaining to the next man. And arguing about that happened. And suddenly the train coming and they are very surprised and but after the train passing in front of them, they found a bag is safety because just the bag situated just between the wheel of the train, so no problem. So, I think he said a my bag is safety. what a relief. And the working in the railroad station company and he's coming and he found the bag and took out pick the bag up and he passed the man who is the owner of the bag. And so the people who are looking the situation, they are also very pleased and some man is clapping his hand. So it's a happened early in the morning but that's but anyway this happened turned out like a no problem . Yes.
 .
 yes. How?
. How? I will use the train.
Yes.
. I really enjoyed. Yes. Thank you very much.
