 My name is .
Yes, please.
Good. Fine.
 How about you?
 I live closed to here like just it takes fifteen minutes from my school, yeah.
It's more like campus .
Yes.
Since I'm from .
My home town?
 First of all, it's quite different from the Tokyo, city areas. a lot of natures like sea, mountain, so quite different. People also.
 It's obviously people in , generally they are very warm hearted. because probably my guess is that Tokyo is kind of too many peoples living here, so and then you know, in , there isn't much people . so then you know, I mean people are not, you know, get tired of seeing the people. 
Free time, I like playing sports. I play many kinds of sports. But these days I play tennis. Since the has the tennis court, it's free for the students.
.
Playing tennis?
 I just started to play seriously , I'm graduated from the other school, not . So I've been here from the master program. So that this is second year. So just two years. And so my tennis career is like less than two years of course. And my father plays tennis, too. And I mean he was a very good player when he was a high school student. But like these days he doesn't really play with anyone since he just got really tired, and stay home. then I started to play with him. So that he is you know, very excited, glad to play with me. So every time when I come back to my home, he wanted to play with me as like, ", why don't we go?". 
 my father.
Yeah.
He has great skill of tennis.
Yeah. Even he is older .
Yeah.
O K.
Describe?
O K. Let's see. a couple came to a restaurant let's say for the wife's birthday. And then you know, this room is quite you know, nice and being seven o'clock. and then not many, some customers came over here, and eat dinner as these and a guy come to the couple's table, and asking to the husband like " would you drink?". I mean, "Would you have this wine?". his face is like "Yeah. Fine, yes, please.". and then quite nicely the I mean piano playing was going on for the making the environment very well.

Last time when I went to a restaurant.
 ?
 The restaurant is O K or not? Yes. Yeah. the restaurant was quite nice, and that was Italian restaurant. And , I mean the meal's price is reasonably good. And we ate just like pasta, pizza. good the best one that I thought is that the desert is quite nice. I mean there were various kind of cake that we can choose. So that was good.

O K.
Yes, please. I'm planning to travel abroad. But I don't quite have clear idea where do I go, or how many days will I stay, so I just came over here to have some information about what I'm gonna do. But my interest is that I want to go the somewhere like there's some beach that I can swim.
 Really? which country?
 but now it's winter.
But Japan is winter right now. But how about temperature in Indonesia or ?
All the year?
O K. So then O K. That seems nice to me. I want to bring my wife and son with me so that there will be three of us. But obviously my son is very small, , I mean just a five years old. So I'm just a little bit worried about bring him to over there, like the weather is quite different from here to there. and this is too much worry. but I'm a little afraid about something infections.
It's too hot so. ?
Really?
 is there any hospital or
Japanese embassy?
 really is there any place that I can contact in Japanese
in Bali?

 your
 tour desk. O K.
. Thank you so much.
Yeah. Yes, three times.
My favorite place? Actually I just been to United States and Taiwan so I have no much choices. 
.
It's hard to tell since that both places has, you know, quite good point and bad point, of course. But I stayed United States a year for study abroad. And for Taiwan is just I stayed there like five days for the kind of , I mean, research trip. So I have quite more, I mean, memories about United States, of course. But yeah. I've been there so.
Yeah.
O K. One day last week, a boy and a girl walked by in a rainy days. And then a boy just noticed that there's a paper box beside the pole. and then he has something hearing. And then "What is that?". He asked to the girl. and then a girl and a boy that sounds like cats. and then the girl sat down, and open the paper box, and that's obviously the cat. And then the girl picked the cat who has a brown hair. and then a girl asked to the boy, that is like "Can I bring her back and raise in our house?". But the boy said, "No.". at that point, that looks like they're a couple. But still a girl wanted to bring that cat to home. and just keep on asking him like the boy is like telling something like My God. I've got in trouble.". it seems that a girl ask him that, " if you don't forgive me to bring this cat back, I will quit to be your girl friend.". So then the boy bring that cat started to bring that cat with her with the in a rain.
Disagreement?
Disagreement. could you have a some example of the ?
 Where to go or what to eat. For my family, they're not saying like "I will go to.". They're more like to say it to me "Depends on you.". So that I will decide by myself so. But with my friends, it depends on friends.
So that if a friend, he's more likely to be the person who's you know, self-dependent or like dependent person, I will just let her or let him decide what will we do. .
O K.
Not really. I will go back to the student room. And then probably yeah, read more books I have to.


.

