Hello.
My name is .
.
Fine, thank you.
I am live in in prefecture.
I take Shinkansen Express from station to station and transfer to local Line.
No. one hour and twenty minutes. So this is kind of the same time for the people who are living in area.
No. I moved from to in nineteen ninty-nine, sorry, last year. And, when I was in , I built my house, and my family is living in that my house. Therefore I cannot move the house. That means I have to commute to head office from .
Yes.
Every morning and every evening.
 usually from to station, I take line or line whichever, if the time is available but, as far as I take, line, is very, how can I say, . how can I say, many people are in the same compartment. But, in case of Shinkansen, I can relax on the seat, so it is very nice.
 is . Actually, I have been living in for five years, not five years, six years. And my country is Kyusyu, so I'm not aware of city very well, but it is very nice city. And as you may know that . From , we can see the and also .
And when we go shopping in or by the train, so it is very convenient.
Yeah. Kyusyu, Kyusyu. What kind of story do you like to hear?
 or the people's nature. .
Childhood? O K. yes, O K. when I was in Kyusyu, in Kyusyu, maybe, you can imagine that there are many mountains . And Kyusyu is a island, so my hometown is located near the riverside and also the mountainside. So I have four brothers, and usually I played around with my brothers, climb mountain and also fishing in the river. So when I was child, I was surrounded, by the many natures. And that is totally different in . is located in the very flat land. So, when I try to go to mountain I have to drive my car for one.
Yeah. That is the totally different.

. What kind of description shall I tell you ?
About the city . O K. . . this city is between the river, and there are one station, train station and banks in front of the station. It's available and very convenient for the people living in this city. And also, very big supermarket is available, and, near the supermarket, the movie theater is also. you can enjoy the movie theater near the supermarket . go to the official, how can I say, buildings or the governmental buildings, it is convenient for you. . this city has many greens, so almost all the places you can see the trees the buildings. And in the bottom south of the city, there is a big route four hundred forty four. So the inside the city, I guess there is not so, sorry, the route four hundred forty four is winding in the south, so you can access this big route easily. you can take the train, and this station has six local lines, so five local lines, so, when you are going to go anywhere you want, you can take many kind of local lines.
.
Yeah. I guess it is very well-designed because offices and banks are building neighboring each other, and also, school and public library and hospital are also very close. So, this is very well-designed I think.
Yeah. school and hospital must be available within, at least, twenty minutes on foot, and also, the supermarket should be located around my house. And other things are not so important for me because we can take cars but, at least, when I consider my daughter, school and other public offices must be should be closer for my daughter and my wife.
Yes.
 hello, this is .
Sorry, I couldn't go the party. . .
Yes. unfortunately, my grandmother has to go to the hospital, so I cannot be my house.
Yeah. at least, she is now O K, but she was very dangerous situation last night.
Sorry, I have to negotiate or I have to talk with the doctor, and I have to prepare many things for my grandmother's stay in the hospital. So I'm sorry I cannot go the party.
 so, O K. Maybe, someone around me, my wife could bring the wine to you.
O K? 
. I really wanted go to the party, but, unfortunately, due to my grandmother's condition, I cannot go, so, please accept my apology, and, next time, I am sure I can go. So, please invite again.
Thank you. Bye.
Sorry, I did not prepare very well . I just read the sentence, but I did not prepare. But I should when I go to the conversation.
 maybe, but, not so often.
Yeah.
.
O K. .
O K. One day last week, in the morning, I went to station to take my train and I was in the line, but the people in front of me push my bag. And bag , fell down to the train track. I was really got angry, but the people in front of me were not knowing the reality. And he never admits that his knee, sorry, his elbow put my luggage. But, fortunately, the rail guard took my bag up, and I could take my after getting the train, I put my bag in front of me, and I could relax in the train.
Yeah. Immediately, I took my luggage by myself.
. Because I'm not sure when the next train come or not. If the train is coming, and I could see the train coming, then I would not try to such things, but if the train is not visible, then I'll try myself.
Yeah. Dangerous, but, how can I say, if the train is coming, and you can notice the train coming. It is dangerous. But the train is not coming, then I don't think it is so dangerous.
Yeah. Basically, but this is not admitted, but, of course, it depends on the content in the bag.
 I don't like that. Yeah. Because .
O K? I don't like that.
. Yeah. Train must install something, very latest technology to shut down door, how can I, to interfere the waves.
Then, maybe, no one can make a telephone call.

 thanks.
Yes. I have to go to Kagoshima prefecture from .
Yes.
, yes. Over night. Yes.
. And you, too.
.
