My name is .
Sure.
 I'm fine. How are you?
 actually I had a job until yesterday. I quit 
and I'm going back to my hometown.
. 
 tell you the truth I don't know much about it because I was gone to live in almost thirteen years,
so I just came back not too long ago.
. . 
I had a wonderful time with my friends I went high school,
I went to college over there,
and at that time I was in a band with my friends so I had a great time.

Sometimes yes. 
 maybe my first years I had a hard time to
communicate with people becuase I didn't know how to speak English at that time, yeah. So 
 I was helped by my host family,
so yeah, that pretty much it.
 not in college but outside college,
with my friends. right now I'm working on it still,
just by myself though,
'cause I just came back.
 but I wanna keep on doing it.
A lot, yes. 
 I was in a punk band.
I don't think you know much about it but Sex Pistols, if you know that,
The Clash, many many bands. 
O K. I have a father and mother but they got divorce when I was sixteen years old,
and I have a little brother twenty my sister's twenty-nine. And yeah that's it.
They all live in right now.
Yes.
.
.
O K. looks like she's teaching to student in class.
Looks like math or something.
And Looks like only a few people in is studying. 
Looks like it. . 
 high school?
 . O K. I went to two different high school.
Like the one in Japan and one in and when I was in high school in , it looks like this.
 I mean not too everybody's you know, seems like comfortable.
But when I was in high school in Japan it's everyobody's always you know, quiet and yeah.
 let's see. The people are like friendly.
That's different thing I learned there. between teacher and students has no wall between them,
I think. They're like, you know, always discuss about something, you know, they were friendly.
 . 
.
O K.
O K.

 this is a phone ?
O K.
Hello.
 I'm really sorry about that because I couldn't make it because I was touring with my band. But I thought I could be back there on time but I couldn't make it so I'm sorry about that.
 yes, I should've but I didn't have a cell phone and I couldn't find any phone so, yeah, I should have let you know, sooner.
.
O K. yeah, . for everyone who was all there.
Sure. .
O K. Thank you very much.
O K. Thank you very much.
.
You mean, the conversation?
.
 yes. Actually I had.
 when I was in the band
we were touring,
but we're not that famous though,
we're touring but at the time all the members in the same band,
and we were driving and we just couldn't make it on time,
to another stage
so so we kind of had a trouble.
 we just had to say sorry, apologize them.
.
Right.
Right.
 let's see, I think you're just going to have to really think hard before the problems, I think.
 you mean, O K, this is me or?
O K. let me see.
O K. last week I was on the way to Shinjuku Station. Then at the Eifuku-cho Station for the train I dropped the briefcase. I didn't know what to do because I couldn't reach it.
Then I just had to wait for the train comes and look at the train run over the my briefcase but security guy came over and he had to pick up my briefcase and he helped me. my briefcase was O K.

 right now, yes.
 yes.
Because to live in ,
like bigger city I think I don't think you need a like vehicle.
 you know, I don't think you need that much so. It's faster
 so. But when I go back to my hometown,
I'm going to need my own car 
'cause it's countryside .
 sometimes. I don't like to drive in the city.
Because there's so many like one-way street. I just hate it. 
You're welcome.
 yes. Big plan.
 Right after this I'm going to go back to my apartment, pick up my stuffs, go back to my hometown.
.
 this afternoon.
.

gets colder than .
 .
But I like snow though. 
.
You're welcome.
You, too.
