My name is .
Me, too.
. .
 I had a seminar today at do you know ?
Yes, and I'll be recruiting starting next year, so I just want to hear some people make sure about the company.
. The place was held at Tokyo International Forum in Yurakucho. . It was a nice place and hear the lecture, but it wasn't too interesting.
 . It was a rough description about the company, and also there were many information that I already knew and also can easily find on the Internet. interested or don't have any idea of what is doing, but not for us.
?
 Yes. thank you for asking a question.
Compare to other universities, I study economics but professors lecturing about their very unique friend's papers to memorize before the terms.
.
. In one way, yes. Because I can use to do my part time job or for instance, today go to seminars. So very useful if you have knowledge to use time enough .
 have you heard from my teacher? She is .
 I deliver pizza at . . Sorry, it's not 
if you like , but and right now it's Christmas time, so I wear Santa costume and deliver to houses.
Yes.
. It's probably the climate. Climate, yes.
For example, in the wintertime it's very cold so you have to wear additional clothes in order to keep warm. And in the rainy season, wear your raincoats because you will get soaked. And also in the summer time, you'll get suntan since the sunshine is very strong.
Yes.
You're welcome.
O K. . Do I have to think or ?
O K. I think it's held during the summer time or maybe in a hot place. And it should be arithmetic, and not too many people are studying very well. It's sort of like . some people are talking with each other. Some people are gazing outside the window. . They're making their e-mail. And also they're not interested at all. But the teacher is trying to teach. I think she, a young lady, very beautiful, is trying to teach, but I don't think she is into teaching because she is just looking at the blackboard. Also the window is open, so some people could look outside. Maybe it could be hot, and there is no air conditioning. But the doors are closed, so it should be the air conditioning problem. . the class is fairly small. Maybe twelve to sixteen, fifteen. . Since there is only three rows inside on the side end. . They are dressed very well.
 actually I went to all boys' school. We didn't have girls there, and that many women teachers.
. This is very sort of like junior high and elementary school because you know, the students they are doing whatever they want. Also they're not listening to the teacher, but that's similar to high school in my class because we didn't listen to teacher.
 but we didn't, you know, listen to music and use our mails and watch outside and talk to our friends because you know the teacher was very strict. He'll get very angry.
 it depends on the situation, the teacher. Because if he or she is just hired to talk or just to teach, I don't care. But if he or she is hired to improve the class, you know, maybe I'll get maybe more aggressive. .
Aggressive. . First, see she's looking at the blackboard, not the students, so that's not communicating to students. And also this is probably saying that she isn't aware of the class what the class is doing. So I think I would, you know, walk around the class and talk to the students more. To get more communication, and, you know, try to get the students to study.
O K.
 I actually teach I don't teach, but I coach kids swimming and basketball in my elementary school.
.
.
O K.
Hello, . This is .
 I really really wanted to go to your party, but, you know, in some circumstances I'm not able to go. . You know, I've told you before that I was job recruiting, right? And fortunately, I had a chance to talk to superior at , which I really really wanted to go. Yes. And so if I miss that appointment, you know, it will be a big disadvantage for me to start recruiting. So you know I'm very sorry, but I probably can't go to your party.
 Today?
Today?
 Today?
O K?
. Then, it's a whole different story. .
 I'm probably calling in advance.
 a couple days.
Hey, you know, I was trying to call you earlier, but my superior whom I got a chance to call was so busy, and I couldn't catch him. So, you know, I just got a phone from right now. And I was very pleased to talk to him. And I really really wanted to get this job, so maybe if there is another party you have, I'll surely like you invite me again.
 Sorry about that. Maybe I was very pleased and honored to have this party, but, you know, because , you know, it's really the company I really wanted to go. So, you know, you have to please sorry about that.
. Yes. Sorry about that. Bye-bye.
.
.
In America, yes.
Yes.
 I was going to meet my friend. We're going to the movies, but, you know, I had a job off, but my colleague he got sick go I try to get another person. I had to substitute so I had to lie to my friend. .
. You know, I thought I had a day open today, I had free, but my store manager called me today, and he is like saying, "When are you coming?". So I couldn't make it today. Sorry about that.
 I treated him .
. O K. . motorbike, I had a call from my girlfriend, and we were talking about our schedules this week. I was talking this orange car ran into me. He tried to turn left, and he sort of overturned his car and bumped into my right rear of the bike. When we had crashed, we had a collision and my phone and my motorcycle got ripped. And we almost had a fight, but in these kind of collisions we were supposed to call police and show them the traffic accident. So we had to call as you already know, my phone was crashed so he had to call. And after the policeman came to the place, we had to tell how we crashed and he was saying that I was on the phone. And he didn't say it was his fault because after we go to talk to the insurance company, you know, which fault what the ratio the fault is he was trying to make me as the person who made the accident. But I was going straight, and the car was turning left so I think the car was wrong. And my bike got ripped so I couldn't go to school so I had JAF. do you know JAF? I had to call JAF and they took my bike to my nearby store, and that is why I was late to school.
 I ride my bike to school.
Yes, yes.
 it's sort of like this, but I wasn't using my phone. it's just the same situation excluding the phone.
 I knew that I wasn't you know, the victim. I was actually the person who got injured all I had to do was ask I had to wait for upon the car the driver's insurance company to call myself and to go under how much he'll pay for my repair fee.
. No, the insurance got very nice. Keep apologize for .
Yes.
So that was O K.
I think you have to move if you are caught a car accident, you move your car to the safe place so that the traffic won't get disturbed. And after that, you call the police, tell whatever you are. we got a collision and the police will call you. He'll investigate. he won't investigate, but specialist of traffic accident will call him, and he'll draw this map and stuff that you just have to report it. And that's the police and then if you are on, you have to call your insurance company. And hopefully he'll call the insurance company. Also and then they'll decide about how to pay or. if I am the victim, how I am going to pay, I'm going to use my money or I'm going to use the insurance.
After this I have school. 
The class that I must take.

. 
I think I had a nice time, time-wise,
 not academic-wise.
Thank you.
