My name is .
Yes.
Yes.
 very tired. 
 because today, I have a class at university.  and  I have something to buy, so I go  department store, so I have to walk outside. So it's very hot.
 tired.
Yes.
   Commercial Science.
And today I study bookkeeping.
  actually   I falled  the department I wanted to enter. So I can pass the test only Commercial Science. But  I interested in marketing. And I take the class of marketing, and it is interesting.
 most of time, I meet my friends. Because  the university is   very big, so I can't meet friends    without  we make promise. So we  .
With my family.
  I have a  big sister, she is two years  older than I, and she go to the university, too. She majored in Law.   we are  good relationship and we shared our clothes  so we go to shopping together.
And  my mother like go shopping, too. So  I and my sister and my mother go shopping at holidays.
And my father is captain of the ship. So   he  don't stay home most of the time.
 sometimes I write letter or  sometimes I called him, but   I communicate with him only few days in a year.
Yes.
  the teacher taught them mathematics.  but most of the student   don't listen her.    some people talk together or  drink or      mailing. And  one student listen to her.
High school.  my high school, we listen  the teacher  very well because  most of the teacher were very interesting so we enjoyed the class.

  especially language  and   now  she comes our university to study an year and  we met her  sometime at university.
  her class is .
Very interesting.
  she is strict to teach but kind to  communicate us.
Yes.
Yes.
  ? I decide something to buy?
   I want to get   umbrella to cut the sunshine.
Yes.
 I want white color one.
Please show me the 
white one.
Yes 
what the different of the three.
Yes.  I decided that one. The middle one.
Yes.
   but it is too expensive for me and  the cheap one is maybe quality is not good.
. How much ?
  I have only six thousand, so  I decided to buy this one.
Thank you.
Yes.
 at Ikebukuro or Sinjuku.
And we  go to Marui.
 there are many brands  that I like, so.
And we can buy many things without going out. 
 the price and the color.  so  the most of clothes is very expensive for me so  I go many times to the shop and choose the best one.
 I can get advice  from them, and if it is not  fit for me, they said it's not good.
    one day last week,       the old man is a teacher and he is a student.     they haven't met long time and  that day,  they promised to take lunch. And   at the restaurant,  they ordered their favorite foods. And the    young man ate fish and the old man ate chicken. And after that, the old man paid the all money  and   the young man is very happy. And after that,  they went back their each home.
  yesterday
at lunch.   there is near  my university, and  always there are many of my circle members. So I go there twice a week.
And the food is very delicious.
 I think the best one is . 
 it's   rice and covered egg and the beef sauce. And it's very good. 
 it's seven hundred fifty yen. But it's very big
 I shared with friends.
So the price is half.
 I have to study because  on Thursday, I have a test.
Yes. 
Yes.
 maybe easy test.
.
.
