Yes,  my name is .
 . 
?
. , too. O K,  fine.
 yeah, I got up    around seven o'clock. .
Yes,   especially today, I had breakfast because  actually    I must   take the test. So  today .
 no, actually   my wife prepared the  breakfast for me. And  yeah, she got up earlier   than me,  but  she got bed last night  later than me.  actually</laughter>,
    her time  to sleep is around five hours or  hours.
And  it's pity.   but</CO>.  yeah.
I live in Kawasaki City.  Now and      in an apartment, and   you know, I rent the apartment, and      since I got married with her. And  now   we live in  Kawasaki City. And that's located in the north of Kawasaki City. And  it takes  around forty minutes from here  to go  my home.
Yeah,   yeah,  I have two or three reasons. And  one reason is   you know, to close to my office is close, and the second reason is it's good atmosphere  for me. And   people is gentle and people very kind.   and  third reason is  it's cheap  to buy something,  vegetable or  some grocery shop or, yeah,   it's cheaper than  around Tokyo, I think.
Environment?
Yeah.  yeah,  actually Kawasaki City has a bad image,   because in Kawasaki, there're many manufacturing and,  yeah,  I agree with that. But  you know, just  seaside  of Kawasaki,   we have  some manufacturing. But the north of Kawasaki is  very good atmosphere. For example,   actually    , they have the big road, but  not so many car. And   good atmosphere means yeah,   yeah,  we have the Tamagawa River, and    it's a good place  to see or to go  because   we can have the some  barbecue party, or we have the some    sports field in the  there, and  so  yeah, it's  very comfortable actually.
.  this is a picture of girl's room. And  she has a cat and a dog.  And then they are also sleeping  at this moment,   and she has the computer and typewriter,  old type. And  she has     some audio.  and  this is a June. And   it's a typical type of  girl's house, and    sorry, actually  she is not a girl,  I think .
  she looks around  twenty years old so I think  she is a university student or  she work for some office.  . .
A ?
Child.  O K.  actually       I'm  from the Toyama Prefecture. And       my parents had a house, and   I had  one brother and one sister actually . And so we need the three room of it,  but   that was small house. So  I always  use the room together   actually my brother. And    so there're  two bed, and  two desk so the room was full actually.
, and  so    I think  it's no privacy. 
    my brother always  suddenly  came into   our room, and  my parents  came into  suddenly.  and  yeah, but    I like that, but you know,  entering test to high school season,  for my brother  still I'm junior high school student. I must be silence.  it was .
O K.
Yes, sure.  actually I delay    last train so   you know,  actually  my bus  I used  was delayed actually.   so you know,  could you  change  this ticket  for next train?
 really?
 it's bad,    you know, it depend on   the  bus company actually so  bus company also gave me the some certification  to delay the bus, and  yeah.  what is your train company? That is also I think J R Line, ?
Yeah, actually I use J R bus. 
So actually your affiliate company J R bus, right? 
So   please exchange
  please   trust the this certificate  to delay,   so I think   if you have the some loss,  you can request to the  your bus company, J R bus company, and  so   I think it's possible to exchange.
.
.
Yes, right.
 that's right.  Yeah,  but you know,  actually   I live in the very silent and   very country side so   we have  just one bus an hour
so it's no way.

 O K. Thank you very .
Yes, sure.
.
Thank you.
Yeah,   yeah, actually just one time  in the airplane. Yeah, yeah, actually you know,  yeah,  actually   I said  I'm ordinary from Toyama Prefecture. I sometimes  went to back to Toyama Prefecture by airplane. And  you know,   actually morning  ANA ticket is very cheap actually  around   ten thousand yen. Yeah. And    you know,   if  I reserve the  ANA ticket  to around twelve o'clock or the it's daytime,  it's around twenty thousand yen. ,  it's twice. And  so of course, I reserve the morning ticket, but  last night I had the party  with my customer and my colleagues   so you know,    I  went to the bed around one or two o'clock. So and  after I woke up, I notice it's already    no, ten o'clock. So actually     you know,  morning  airplane     go to the  Toyama Prefecture  maybe I think that's seven o'clock.
  take off, and so  I  like  negotiate to the airplane company,   but  of course,   agrees  to exchange the ticket. It's too late, so but  you know,   yeah, actually  I'm  . I can negotiate   I always use the other  so please exchange or negotiate for  thirty minutes or .
  .
.
.
. 
O K. . O K.  O K. One day last week,  a woman went to the department store  to purchase the  tie for her husband as a happy birthday present. Yeah,  firstly,    she bought the tie.  after that,  she started to go back her home, but unfortunately  she noticed the  thirty percent off shoes.  she really liked  to buy something. Actually  she like  shopping very much. And   she purchased  her high heel, and then she noticed the fifty percent off   of  clothes. And she purchased the her clothes.  And then,   she left the department store with many bags for her present  not only  her husband, but just  she had many .
. 
. 
 yeah,  actually  yeah,     last month,  I had the first celebrating  since  we got married.  so  I went to the department store, and I purchased the  just cheap   ring  for her. And  you know,    and    I wanted to make her surprise, and so  I went to the department store alone  after I finished my work. And actually you know,   around there,  you know, actually    there were many couples because  the Valentine's Day was coming. So   it's difficult to   describe and  purchase  the ring, and the   actually  I also negotiate the some .
And  so it's very shamed,  but you know, I have no money .
So and  but   yeah, and  you know,  I got just here, and    I waited   my turn, and suddenly   you know, my wife  .
Yeah.  just . Yeah.
So you know,      actually she didn't know   I went to the department store for her. Actually so she was very angry with.
  I came the depart  meet for   some girls, not her. So she was angry, , but,  you know,      I described  about the situation,    you know, but     she couldn't listen for my opinion. ,
she request  the ring  more expensive. .
.
Yes, that's right. 
Yeah, I enjoy it.  actually   from the yesterday,    I had disliked  especially . 
 Because  you know,  you know,   no,  he requested   to get the level six  to our company, you know, so I disliked him. But  you know, yesterday,  I spoked   with  him, and      I exchanged some opinion about the English test, and   I really understood the his opinion.  our competitor  has more high level  about the English speaking. So  yeah,  finally I agree with him, and  yeah,
I like him now. 
.
