My name is .
Yes.
I'm so-so. How about you?
 I had three classes,
 economic and book keeping and mathematics.
 and I had lunch with my classmate.
  she belong to same department to me. And she is one-year-old younger than I, because I went to . It is preparing to enter university examination for one year.
So I am  one year older than  almost of all student.
And I got up at six-twenty and I went  to  near my station by my mother car.
And I got on train, it is 
for about   no, one hour.
And I changed , and I got on  for about twenty minutes.
And    but from  to ,  I went to   university on my foot.
And I had three classes.
Yes.
Yes.  there are four members in my family, father, mother,  younger sister and me. My father is  fifty-one years old. He is office worker at .
And my mother is housekeeper and my sister is high school student. She is   second grade of this high school.
And  I live in ,
so it takes about two hours to get to  this university.
So it is hard for me,
because,  I can't be seated on train.
So  it is tired.
.
A female teacher
teaches mathematics their student.
 but  almost of all student   don't listen to her    seriously. One of student   is listening to music and drinking something.
And  a student with yellow shirts, he is chewing  gum. And two of  girls, they're talking about something.
Maybe  they is talking about cosmetic. And one of front  sitting student,  he is listen to their  teacher.
My high school is  very strictly about  us to study.
So  we listen to our teachers seriously.
And many student was good boy and good girls, and they entered famous university.
And my  high school has uniform,
so we can't wear  my favorite clothes,
 except  traveling of my school.
And there is no  woman mathematic teacher.
. .  . 
.
  in university,
we can choose our favorite classes,
so we don't have to go same time to university. And  of course,   we don't have to wear  uniform, because we are university students. But some  university has uniform.
And      in high school, we are  familiar to my teachers, but in university,   we have little chance to talk my professor.
So it is sad for me.
.
.
. Please. And I want to go to New York as fast as possible. Please tell me how to go to New York.   how much is it?
Which is the fastest ticket?
How much is it?
Five hundred dollars.
It's too expensive. More cheaper, show me, please.
 train?
.
 local train, how much is it?
If I use it,          how much time to go there?
Three hours.
 how about super express?
Two hour.
Local train is two hours?
.
.
But it is the cheapest?
.  Is there many people in super express train?
 Are there rich people?
.
I want to buy super express, because I want to go   New York as soon as possible.
.
      I don't often go travel.
So I can't  compare. But I like  train,
because    in train, I can move  as I like.
And  if I go travel with my friend,  in train, we can talk all of them. But if I use car, one of them can't join  talking.
So I like train.
One day last week.
. A woman go to department store, because  she wants to present for her  husband.  First of all,  she finded a good tie, so  she decided to buy it. And  she asked to  buyer   to wrap  special type and she pay money. And   when she finish buying her husband present, she find good shoes.  she waned to it, because it was    thirty percent cheaper than usual.  So she bought  shoes. And after that, she find  good  shirts, too. And  she wanted to buy it, because  it was fifty percent cheaper than usual. And    usual, she is very busy for her house keeping. So   she thinks it was present for herself. So she decided to buy it. And she went to home.
     I go home.
But before it,  I go to  Starbucks, because I like coffee.
.
