Good morning.
Yes, my name is .
Yes, of course.
 I'm fine, but, today I overslept. So I was late for this test. I'm sorry. .
Yes. today I have no class. So today's my holiday. 
Every Tuesday is holiday.
 usually I go to badminton club because I belong to badminton club in university. Yes. And I have played badminton for three years. So, since I entered the university, I started to play badminton, yes.
 at first, when I enter the university, I wanted to play tennis club. And I wanted to belong to tennis club, but I didn't decide to enter the tennis club. Because there are a lot of tennis club in Waseda university. So it was a little bit impossible for me to decide to, yes. And my friend invited me to enter the badminton club because she played badminton for many years, and she was very interested in badminton, yes. yes, but, now I am very happy to play with her, yes.
 yes, of course. the most different I think is, the weight of rackets, yes. And badminton racket is not so heavy, but I think tennis racket is very . And ball is very different. .
Yes, winter holiday. I went to England to go to language school in London, yes. And I stayed in London for four weeks. And I stayed it is very small station, so it tooks one hour to get in language school, placed in central London. So, I got up earlier than usual. So it was a little bit difficult , yes.
Yes, of course.
.
 I think this teacher look smart teacher. but, maybe, lecture is not interested, because not so many students is bored for her lecture. and there are a lot of kind of students I think. For example, in her lecture, a woman who is wearing orange T-shirt is, maybe making her face and chatting with her friends, yes. And, one of students is listen the music even in math class. But the boy who has golden hair is interested in math class because he studies harder than any other students, I think, yes.
That's all. 
 I'm not sure, yes.
. My friends always say that, when I looked bored, join the , I often sleeping in teacher's class. And, even in front of teacher, I fell a sleep if the lecture is boring for me, yes.
Yes, of course. But I I tried to listen their lecture harder than other students because it was very difficult for me to study math. So, now I enter the education department, and I've studied Japanese literature because I was interested in Japanese literature. So, when I was in third grade in high school, I quit to study math. 
Hello, this is speaking.
 I'm sorry to inform you, but, today I have very important appointment. So I cannot go to your party today.
Really? I'm sorry, I'm sorry indeed. But, today I have to go to take a examination with my friends because I wanted to get a job. .
 Thank you, but, of course, I'd like to go, and I'd like to enjoy with you. But, today, maybe, if I don't go to take the examination, maybe, I cannot get a job because maybe I have to good conversation, company or sorry.
Yes, .
. If you held your party for me, I'd like to go. So, please tell me that.
Thank you.
. Sorry.
Yes.
Yes, of course. 
 I and my friend really like a , so, in winter, we often held party. For example, or . 
 is a kind of strange when we want to hold a party, we have to bring a lot kind of food, for example, chocolates or curry roux and, any kind of strange food yes. Not only but also fruits, yes. we can enter a lot of thing in the pot, yes. And I boiled, and I wait to eat. It's very interesting.
 many time it was very . .

Yes.
One day last week, she found that there was no food in refrigerator. So she decided to go to supermarket by car. And she enter the supermarket to buy something to eat. And she used to car to bring her things to buy because, maybe, she had to buy a lot of thing. And, when she buy the to pay the money for . after she paid the money, she bought two bags to into the car. And she went to home and drove the car. And, after that, she cooked. and, maybe, I think she cooked egg. maybe, yes. And she looked very good at cooking, I think. Yes.
 no, I don't think . maybe, my sister is I don't like to cook, , because I don't know how to cook well.
For example, what kind of ingredients should I enter the or, how many times should I boil or I don't know. It's very difficult, yes. 
.
 yes. thank you, thank you very much.
No. when we have a test, yes, if my member of badminton club have a lot of tests, we will decide to, quit to practice badminton, yes, because we will be busy to prepare our examination, yes.
Thank you, thank you very much.
