My name is  . Nice to meet you.
Sure.
I'm    fine, thank you. And you?

. I don't mind. I mean,   actually, I like rain.
Yeah. 
. But,     to be honest, I don't like the rain in winter, but, I like the rain in summer.
 raining hard  like squall, you know, in Hawaii or, you know, the southern islands. And I like those kind of rain.
. Only once. Yeah. And I like, you know, summer beaches, so I went to Thailand and  Bali in Indonesia,  like those kind.
.  You know, just relax.  I like watching  the ocean. . I  do some diving, but   I don't have license, so I just, you know,  . . I like, yeah, beach.
 . Actually,  it was like  seven or eight years ago, I went to  Thailand with one of my friends. And she has the license, and she really wanted to diving, so, you know, she, you know,  insist me to, you know, "You should try.",  so I just did it, and I liked it. You know, you can see many kinds of fish. It's beautiful.
 .  Actually, I'm going to see her tonight, too. And  we went to the same college,  and     she's  actress. And 
 is working,   you know, in the manufacturing company, too. But she does some kind of acting, and I often go to theaters and see her in a play, you know, once in a , only once a year or twice a year. But  
I think she is quite good. 
She can be comedian, and she can comedian, I mean, and she can be   you know, real, straight plays .
Last time? .
She was a    mysterious lady, and, you know, there wasn't much detail about her. But  she did play some funny roles. And, once, she was the fairy of pillow.  It was quite cute. 
What do I do?
 I'm working for a newspaper company. And,     actually, I belong to a newspaper company. I mean,   I've been working for the company for five years. But I've been  sent to the Internet online company called , and I worked there for    two years. And I'll be transferred again to newspaper company next month.
. No. .      it's a little bit complicated. But  the  company   was owned by half by . Do you ? And forty per cent by ,  which is the  big company in Japan, and ten per cent by newspaper company. But,  now,     decided to   leave some   stocks. And     they decided to gain some of capitals. And, now,  it transferred to a number one stock  shareholder is now   , do you know?   so  I mean, the newspaper company reduce the share. So     now, there are about four people working in  from the newspaper company. But, now,  you know, the three of us are leaving .
I will be working for  the newspaper again.
.
. Yes. . .
O K.
.    it seems like it's in the restaurant. And it was quite fancy restaurant. And, on the picture,  there are three tables. And, in front, there's a couple sitting and enjoying wine, I mean,  it seems like the  sommelier    is near the table with the couple. And      the man is    trying the tasting of the wine. And it seems like   he is  satisfied with the wine. And, on the right  of picture,  on the back,  there is another couple sitting, and the waiter is serving  some kind of dish. We cannot tell,  because  the dish is covered. And, on the left side,  there is another couple and enjoying the food. . And, on the back of the picture,  there is a piano and a lady is playing the piano. And, the near the piano, there is a  old type of clock. And  it seems it's seven o'clock. ?
Thank you.
.  .  It depends. I mean, . So I go any kinds of restaurant. And  I enjoy, you know, Asian ethnic food and French and Italian, every kind. . Of course, I like Japanese style restaurant, too. .
. Which area do you go?
Japanese? O K.  . . But  it's really hard.  But, do you go to Kichijoji often?
Yeah. . Near the Kichijoji,  there is the Tokyu department. And, near   that department store, it's a very small  for dining called  "Taki no ki". And it's very old, I mean,    I've known the place for more than, you know,  twenty years, I mean, it was there, and I used to walk by very often. And I wanted to go, you know,  you know, "When become  older, I will go someday.". And you know,  and,  now, I've been going there for like,  once in a while. But  they have many kinds of, you know, very traditional Japanese foods. It's very good. 
  .
Hello? . This is  .
Hi, .
I'm terribly sorry. But  I just couldn't call you. But,    you know, I was working yesterday, and  I thought, you know, I could go  to your place  right after the meeting. But  it wasn't over until like eleven    at  night. And, you know, it was too late. I thought it's too late, you know, to call you last night. So  I'm so sorry. I couldn't make you a phone call.  I couldn't show up. .  .
 .
. It was  telephone conference, and it was only me and, you know, the guy. You know, I was talking to the guy in the  United States. And, you know, it was really  urgent.  you know,  but I couldn't, you know, skip the minute, you know, I'm so sorry. I just don't know the word anything but "Sorry". .

 no.    I mean, you know,  what can do for you  and all the people who came up for me? .
 if,   you know, I could make another party and invite you, and, you know,  all the people  who came   last night. ?
.  so, thank you, and  you're so nice. . I'm so sorry.
Thank you so much.
 I'm sure I'll call you again soon.
Thank you.
.  Yeah.    you know, nowadays, I have, you know, mobile phone, and,  you know, when I was getting late. I thought, you know, I could call somebody. But, sometimes, I  forget the  .
.  . One time, I call my mom, and, you know, "Go to my room and find my  and check the number.".  And I call. You know,  I did that  . 
 . Last week,  on Saturday,  I woke up, and  you know,  I live with my parents. So, you know, usually, I don't cook. But, that day, I don't know why, but the refrigerator was empty. And nobody was at home because I woke up very late, you know.  So    I had to go shopping, and I drove up to the supermarket. And      I bought many kind groceries, and     I bought a lot of bread and some kind of meat, and   I bought tons of fruit. And I drove home  and enjoyed cooking. Actually, I don't cook very often. But, you know, after the supermarket, I felt like cooking, you know,  and I enjoyed cooking very much.  you know,    at the beginning, I thought it's the very bad day because of the empty  fridge. But, at end of the day, I thought it was a perfect Saturday.
.  Usually, I go out with  some of my friends. Like today,   I'm going to visit a one of my friends. But,   on Sundays, I eat with my family because my grandmother lives   quite near to my house. And she comes over to my house every   Sunday evening. So, usually eat with them.
. My mother cooks.
I just do a little bit of help. That's all.
. Everything.
She is a great cook.
. Some like, you know, , the traditional New Year's food.  we usually cook together, you know, on like thirties or thirty-first of December. So I know many recipes of her .
I have to learn more.
. Tomorrow? . I need to clean up my room. 
And do some . But I need, you know, to rest. 
.
