 my name is .
 yes, I'm fine. But I have a little bit stomachache.
 maybe  it always happen when I have a test.
 I'm a little bit nervous.
.
  my hobby is to listen to the music.
And I especially like rock music and techno music.
For example, I like   a band of Queen,
and  Pierrot, .  why I like these bands,  because    their music are very emotional. So when I hear their music, my heart are very beating and moving.
  every music of  very nice,
 I like  "Bohemian Rhapsody" of Queen is best.
Because  the voice are  very cute and moving for me.
 yes.
Yes. I work as a support member of a extension center,
 college.
 my work is to support classes.
For example, I make  prints or textbooks for class. And sometimes I help the students of the classes, like  giving some prints of last lessons or  take care of them.
 it is very exciting to  meet a lot of people and  I can learn a lot of things from the textbooks  I make.
.  a lot of kind. For example, English books,
business books or sometimes culture books like literature.
I also make a Japanese literature book. It is very fun for me to read the textbook.
 I also reading books or sometimes,  excuse me, 
 I'm very fond of sleeping.
 my favorite is  mystery book.
For example, I like  Edogawa Rampo's book,
because his books are so fantastic and mysterious.
Yes.
Yes. The teacher, she is very hard to teach the students mathematics but the class member are very rude.   except one student, they are doing their   their  favorite things. For example,  this man, he is chewing a gum. And  , these very fond of chatting. So they didn't hear the lesson. And this man is very, very   because he is listening music and drinking a water. So  he didn't listen to her lesson. And this lady is drink something with her mobile phone. So she also   doesn't listen to her.  but he is the one who is listening to her lesson very carefully.
Almost  the same.
Because  when I was a high school student, we have to study for the exam of university. So half of us are very, very busy to  study about  homework.
And about  other half are very, very busy,
to speak or play with other students,
so they didn't  listen to the lesson.
Me, too.  I was very busy to speak with my friends.
And sometimes we are scolded because we are   too noisy.
The teacher said to me, "If you want to speak with your friends, .".
I was very surprised, so  I was keep silent since then.
Yes.
Yes.
 yes. I have to go New York,
  possible.
So  which train to take is the best?
 when is  the soonest? Because I have to go as soon as I can.
  I don't mind about the cost, .
 please tell me the  fastest train.
 now, I want to take the express train,
so  I want to buy a ticket of it.
.
 but is it the most fastest?
O K. I'll wait. So I want to buy a ticket of it. So where can I buy it?
. I want to buy it.
 how much?
 one thousand yen. O K. Here's one thousand yen.
 you very much.
 thank you .
  I didn't decided to go. Because  almost all of my friends are study for their examination of university. Because they couldn't pass the exam last year.
So I can't say to them, "Hey, play with somewhere.". 
So  maybe this year, I will spend the time with my family.
 maybe I will make a cake,
and eat them with my family.
 last year, I learned how to make a  cake, so I want to make it.
 And   I am belong to a music circle. But the members of it are very busy.
So maybe we can't do   any play.
Yes.

 . O K. One day last week, a boy and  his girlfriend   walked on the street. It was very raining day. They were very happy to speak with each other. Suddenly, he heard  some voice. He said, ". There is some voice.".  She was surprised to hear that. Then, she found a cat in a box. She was   very happy to found it and  she hold it. But the house is not allowed to  keep pets. So he said, "No. We can't take it to home.". She was very shocked to hear that. But she knew that if she said, " I want to take her home.".  So he was very, very  nervous but finally, he was allowed to take her home.  So   she put her in the box again and hold the box. And  she couldn't  take the umbrella herself so  he used the umbrella for her and the box. And they went home.
 I want to take it to my home. But I keep a dog in my house. So  I was nervous if they are fighting. Because dogs and cats are not so friendly each other. My dog's bark     when she saw a cat on the road.
So it is   very  hurting for me. But  I can't take her home.
.
I will go and eat some lunch.
Because    I am a hungry.
I will eat some sandwich my mother made for me.
Yes.
Thank you very much.
I hope you, too.
