Good afternoon.
Yes. My name is .
Yes.
.
. I'm not very fine because I went to bed at six o'clock.
Yeah. 
. I've held a party with my friends so. . I had a class in this morning, I mean the class of English conversation, and I was very, very late for that class. But I was never absent for eight weeks so I'm very proud of it.
Yeah. 
. I live in .
Yes.
 at first, I get line from Station to Station and I go for walk to the Station then I change the train to the line.
. When I'm very tired I sleep a little bit or now I'm very busy for preparing the job hunting, so in a train sometimes I read some books about the job hunting.
, yes, sure. Because I do it because it was about six month ago, I had an accident, and at that time I was wearing some protection around my body and I really wanted to seat. and there were always some people who give me the seat so I decided to do like them. .
But it's normal.
. Actually I go to school five times a week, so on Sunday I always stay at home to read a book or to watch the T V or to listen the music or if I have a free time after the class I meet some friends or go for shopping.
.
. O K, two men are in a shop and one men are looking for a watch in that shop. And there, there are two T Vs and some cameras or some telephones and, how can I say, I don't know how do you call it in English but some C D recorders. And a man asked to another man to get some informations about the watches and it is three o'clock. it is not very crowded in the shop. I think that's all.
 yes. I want to buy a friend of mine have one and actually last night we made a and at the party and friend of mine sorry, took a pictures of that party and in the morning we saw that videos and it is very funny, so I want to buy it.
 you mean the qualities or something?
? . I think the reason why the most of the Japanese companies made some products in Chinas or in somewhere else because if they do it in Japan it would cost very much. But if they make some products in China, for example, there are a lot of people who want to work and recently I saw T V documentaries and in that program the Chinese people said that they very wanted to work for a Japanese company. And I don't know why but I think they love Japan and if they work for the Japanese company in China it is kind of they can get some advantages when they look for another job it would help them to get the job so . And as to the qualities, I think there is no problem and the is very important for the students.
O K.
Yes. O K.
Hello. . I'm .
I'm so sorry, I call you because I can't go to your party tonight.
 because my mother is very, very ill and you know, I have no brother or no sister so I should take care of her.
 I'm so sorry but maybe next time, I can see you or if you have another party I'd like to go.
 she's not quite bad but I'm a little bit worry about her. .
 but you know, she is very tired and now she is in the bed so I think it's better to leave her in the bed. And if I need, I call a doctor by telephone so. But thank you.
.
 I don't think so but it depends on her conditions. So maybe or probably.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
. 
. O K. I held a party with my friends whom I met in France, and I've been in France for a year to study French and we had a lot of experience together and now we all in Japan and we are now at the same university but about once a month we organize some kind of party or, for example, we go to some restraints or to see. And a friend of mine sorry, about a week ago, a friend of mine called me that because she wanted to see me and have a party. and at that time I've just returned from Korea and I had some Korean food so I decided to take some food to the party and so we held last night.
. One day last week, Tom called Sophie. And Sophie is his girlfriend. he suggested that they will go to the zoo. Tom decided to go to her house to pick her up to the zoo. they went to the zoo. they saw a lion. And they saw a monkey eating an bananas. they in talking about some animals of the zoo. And they were very enjoyed.
 I like French movies so I often go to the cinema with my boyfriend to see movies. But there is a big problem between him and me. some he doesn't like romantic movie but I love it. So when we go to the cinema and when we decide what we would see, we are not always agree and he wants to see a movie, for example, some made in Hollywood or he loves attraction movies. I and sometimes we rent a video tape and we see a movie at home and I think I'd like to stay at home about the job hunting or .
O K. Thank you very much.
Yes. I'm going to see my friend in .
 yes.
Thank you very much.
