Yes, my name is .
O K, sure.
Very fine. Thank you.
Because  I could sleep last night very well.
So, I wake up  without  sleepy.
 last night?
Luckily,   I didn't have a lot of work.
So,   I could  go back to my dormitory
 early time.
.

for this test.
Yes.
I like to go snowboarding
very much, so     it snows,  more happier I am.
Because I can go to the mountain
with good snow.
 Snowboarding  makes me very happy and makes me forget everything in daily life.
Yeah.
 I don't know exact reason, but I think,   I really like snow boarding so much.
 I have never experienced skiing.
Only snowboarding.
 as you know,  snowboard is,  wider than  ski board.
So,  I can go the non-course,  at the mountain with snowboarding.
If I go to by   ski and top of ski goes down from the snow. And we can go course, like skiing but I can by snowboarding. So I can feel the new snow by myself.
Yes.
Summer?
Especially,  I don't have a hobby in summer
but, I also like listening to the music.
So, listening music   does not depend on the season.
I can enjoy all season, so in summer I usually enjoy listening to music.
I like  soul music.
 because  as you feel   I can get the emotional soul from the music.
Yeah. More than other popular music.
I can cry with music.
 It's good.  I especially like listening to music while I driving.
Because  when I listen to the music in the car, the space is limited so, sound is  very clearly to me.
O K.
Can you give me a second?
  can you give me a second for me?

.   I'd like to explain  this picture.  there is a taxi  on the road. And there is a  cat  on the car which is sleeping and there was a house  along the road,    young girl is playing in front of the house.
And  two dogs are also,  watching each other in front of the house.  Old man is reading the newspaper,  who is sitting in the chair at  off side, , to the house along the road. And, it is very sunny day.    they seems to be very happy.
,  behind the house,  two young boys are playing with the ball.
.
Yes.
I want to stay.
 I guess this town is very peaceful place.
So, now the place which I stay is very crowded and noisy,
so I'd like to stay,   at this place like this.
 O K.
. I stay in company's dormitory.
And  so, dormitory is  very near the station.  it takes to just one minutes from dormitory to the station. So,  many people is walking around the dormitory
 until the late night. So, it's very noisy.
Sometimes I can't sleep.
 yeah.  I usually read a book,   serious book.
Like business book,
or book which,  I cannot understand.
 So,  yeah, when  I read the book like that,  I can't feel asleep as soon.
Yes.
Yeah.
Can I read?
O K.
O K.
.
Yeah. Hi.  hi, .
 thank you very much for your invitation for the party,
 at the next Saturday. So that sounds great, but I'm sorry, I can't,  join with you 
because,  I have another important  appointment with our customer on business.
So, I'd like to go very much so, but I can't.
Yeah.  Yeah.  .
 O K.     I'm sorry I was absent from your party
because  my mother was getting sick suddenly, so, I had to go Osaka to see my mother.
It's my sudden  schedule.
I wanted to go.
I'm sorry so, 
.
 I don't have a cell phone.
Yeah so,  I'm sorry, but,  do you have any party for future?
Tomorrow? O K,   can I go to your party?
 so, yeah, if there is any problem and change, please let us know.
.
Yeah,  usually.
. At first,  I call  the people who invite me to apologize.
,    I don't act as usual. Usual I call at first.
So, in a role playing, I'm another person,
not me.
Yes.
 Can you give me a seconds?
O K. One day last week,  the wife went shopping at department to buy a present for her husband and,  she had not decided  what to buy, so she thought while she went around in the department,  she could find out  and then she could found a good tie,  which is yellow and green, and she decided to buy for her husband. And, then she bought,  a tie which costs,  ten thousand yen. And her job is finished, but  she walked around department,    again and again. So, she could find out a sale for,  her shoes,   it's price is very,  discounted. So, she bought,  shoes which is thirty percent discount and clothes which is fifty percent discount. At last,  she bought everything, she bought a lot of things which  she really,  didn't need. And,  she  spended a lot of money.
Yeah.
Weekend.
 we go to the mountain.
 snowboarding.
 I planed to go to Nigata prefecture. Because,  I think, in my opinion, the Nigata prefecture,  has a good snow compared with other prefecture.
Snow is very soft and not melted.
I can feel good.
Thank you very much.
