Hello.
My name is .
Yes, sure.
 yeah, I stay at in . That's the business hotel that our company provides for us till maybe June or something.
 we will have to find our own apartment according to where we're work. we haven't told yet about where to work from maybe June.
My home town is , City.
Yes.
Yeah. It's like north part of Kanto area. And very. It's a little country side, but it's very fun to live, it's easy to relax.
Yes.
. Recently I prefer snowboarding rather than ski.
Snowboard. Yeah, .
It's very fun. Sometimes it's scary, but it's very fun.
Yes.
 yeah. I'm not very good skier so I wanted to try something different. And when I snowboard, I can try to jump, and like go really fast. But when I ski, I get a little scared. Yeah. I don't know why, but I think snowboard fits me very well.
Yeah.
 now I'm working, and so I have free time only on weekends. So I try to see friends from school days, and have some time with them. Yeah. And recently, I go to shopping, and just hung around with them.
Yeah, I went to Yokohama with my friend. There was a place opened like Akarenga, red brick store house or something. It's renewal, and used to be nothing in the store house, but they put some stores, and open up. Yeah. That's very nice.
 this is the scenery from school. And teacher is teaching mathematic. And some of the students are really concentrated on the class, but some are not. Some girls are talking, and one boy is looking out of the window. And someone is listening to the music and drinking orange juice. yes, that's all.
.
 one girl in this picture is maybe writing a e-mail with her cellular phone. And in my school days at university, there were some students using the cell phone during the class. that often happened in my classroom. But most of the time, teacher will say something if the students are behaving like this. . We didn't have like this small classes. most of the time, we have the bigger classroom like hundreds students with one professor or something. But I think yeah, students are a little more concentrated on the class, and some of the students are not. So professors would say something for those who are not concentrated to . Yeah.
.
. .
Excuse me. I made a reservation for the train, but exchange my ticket, please?
 if exchangement is against policy, can I get the refund?
 would you ?
 . 
 I can make it up? on the road was really bad today. And I couldn't make it on time .
 yeah. . .
 yeah, yes, please.
O K.
.
Thank you.
.
Yes.
 the commute. But it's not really a long time, so I like. It's less than ten minutes ride so I can handle that things.
Yes. But if that comes to like one hour or thirty minutes, I will not be able to do everyday every week.
 I was living close to my university so I was going school by bicycle.
. Yeah.
 use any transportation at that time.
So that's why I couldn't imagine .
 I don't .
One day last week, I and my boyfriend were walking on the street going back home. And it was raining, and it was a little cold day. Anyway while we were walking, my boyfriend heard little noise. And we found a stray cats on the street. I felt pity on her so I hold him, and that came out of the box. And I asked my boyfriend to take her back to our home together with us. But my boyfriend said no. But I asked him again and again, and he said O K for finally. And and we were decided to have her as our new member of our house.
Yes. in my back home in , we have a dog. And he's living almost over fifteen years. He lives a long time.
 we started to having him in my I was afraid of at any animals. I hated dogs. I hated cats. And I hated any other animals. But I got used to him. I bring with him and taking him to a walk. That's my advantage. And all our family, he barks you outcomers so it's very good at guarding our house.
Yeah. But he sometimes bark too much, and yeah, and one time he bit on my uncle, and that was the disadvantage. But we love him, and we really enjoy having him. Yes.
 my uncle, he didn't really like our dog. So maybe what happened was he felt my uncle's feeling, and he didn't often come to our house. he was new to our house at that time so he thought he was outsider, not outsider, but he was dangerous. our dog thought my uncle was dangerous for our family or our house. So that's what happened, I think. And my parents took my uncle to hospital, and we all told our dog that was the bad thing. And we taught him not to do anymore.
 I think they shouldn't have pets in that way. I don't think pets are not to abuse. yes, having pets is very advantage for teaching little children to love something, not something, but some animal or some other existence. But it's not to like beat them or abuse them. So if they don't really like to have pets or just to free the stress and hit them, they shouldn't have that way. Yeah.
For today?
 from afternoon, we're having the English classes. And after the class ends, we are having a small project, and we're gonna interview some older people from our company
 for a project.
. .
.
