Hello.
Nice to meet you.
 my name is Mister .
Yes, O K.
 today, so I'm not so busy because I work in the it is located in the Prefecture. So today, I come to this office only . 
Yes.
 it takes about one and a half hours flight. So the totally from the factory to the this office, it takes about five hours.
 I like, but unfortunately, I live in the .
 so I face to how can I say, I live in alone, and my family lives separately. But twice a month, I come back to my home.
. 
 free time. So one of the my hobby, I go to swimming on free time.
So many papas have to get in shape. 
Why? 
Anything? 
What kind of anything? 
Kind of hobbies?
So when I was a junior high school and high school student, I played basketball. Totally six years. but recently, I'm only watching T V. So especially, M B A basketball play.
Special? so my height is one hundred eighty centimeter so my height is taller than usual people so therefore I enter the basketball club team at junior high school and high school.
 baseball. when I was a elementary school student, I played baseball roughly four years.
 Describe. so this picture shows a one of the weekend morning. So after breakfast, the family spent many things father read a newspaper, bench? So some children, boys play volleyball. And the girl how can I say, I don't know the proper words play with a rope. So two housewives are so talking about nothing special, but they like talking about the many things. 
.
? 
Yeah, .
 Two wives?
So many housewives like talking. So the contents has they are talking daily life or about husband or about children. 
Good?
 I don't mind topics of the housewives' conversation.
 because I only stayed in my house on the weekend.
So the typical situation housewives, they are talking on the day time, especially weekday. 
 prefecture. so I don't know.
 I live in a apartment house so in the fact, I don't know who is a neighbor. 
 .
.
Yes.
Yeah.
 sometimes I talk with swimming pool friends. .
 .
Yeah.
Hello, this is speaking.
Fine, thank you. And you?
 so thank you for your invitation of the party. but unfortunately, so as you know I live in the party day, I will not be able to return to .
I'm sorry. so the first, I'll be able to return on the next Saturday. But unfortunately, I will have to stay in next weekend because colleagues will come our factory on a Friday. So I will have to guide him yeah, Prefectures' sightseeing place.
And because she will have to return on Sunday morning from the Fukuoka Airport. I'm sorry I will not attend your party.
 why? Birthday ?
And so two weeks later, I'll be able to return to . If you don't mind, please change a party two weeks later. Is it possible?
Thank you 
your offer.
Yeah.
Yeah, .
So see you later.
 excuse appointment or party. But I use only Japanese. I've never been using excuse in English. 
What kind of situation? so some colleagues, that day, I had to return to home. So therefore I have to excuse to my colleague.
One day last week?
.
So the one day last week, the two person, so the one guy drive a car, and on the other side, so one guy drove a motorbike. when the motorbike turn to the right, ca the car hit the motorbike. So the motorbike driver was very angry. "Why didn't you stop when the motorbike driver turned?". the policeman came the accidents The both of them, they excuse to the policeman. so the car driver explained the policeman. I couldn't stop. On the other hand, motorbike driver explains that situation. finally, the motorbike was broken when the accident occurred. the motorbike shop's owner came this place, and brought him motorbike.
 I've never been.
Yes, I'm a careful driver.
When the driving? I always keep speed rate.
 when the accident occur, immediately, take the person if the person injure. And then to call the police office.
. and we will discuss accident situation.
 insurance company. maybe I will call the insurance company later.
First, to call the policeman's office.
Why?
 we will have to decide what's the reason of the accident.
.
When? I will return on Tuesday morning.
Yes. 
This weekend I will spend a time with my family.
 
I call them by telephone. nothing special, but when we eat dinner or breakfast, we will make a many conversation.
.
Thank you very much.
