Good afternoon.
My name is .
Sure.
 fine. I'm a little bit nervous.
.
 I came from on .
Yes.
Sure. I have one husband
 daughter. And she's about to be two years old.
.
 she started talking a little bit. and she likes dancing and singing along with videotapes. And also she likes playing with her classmates in her school.
Yeah.
Yes. from last April, she started going to a daycare center. And that's a very small school. And at the beginning she had only one friend there.
But now, she has five or six classmates .
So it's more fun for her.
No. 
.
 for her?
 I guess for the first month, I guess, she cried every morning when her.
 and I don't know what kind of difficulty exactly she had. But I guess she felt very lonely and also the place was pretty new for her.
And my daughter is not good at dealing with a new situation .
She doesn't like new people, she doesn't like new place, so I guess that was hard for her to adjust.
With my family?
 I try to go out by myself at least half a day
 while my husband is taking care of my daughter.
And we can take turns. For example, if I go out on Saturday afternoon, my husband will go out on Sunday,
.
And to do some fun thing for myself or by myself.
Yeah.
 I usually go to Kichijoji for shopping.
But I end up buying all the . 
at least it's nice to have some change. Yeah.
 I used to take dance lesson.
But right now, I don't have any time, so I had to stop it.
Yeah. If I have time in the future, I like to continue taking the lesson.
Modern dance, I think in Japanese, people say "jazz dance," but I guess it's modern dance. And sometimes we do hip-hop and sometimes slow jazz. and at the beginning of the lesson, we have to go through all the basic movement of ballet, .
. .
Yeah.
O K. this is a classroom. And looks like mathematic class. And one teacher is explaining something on the blackboard. But the students are not so serious about the class. Only one student is paying attention to her. But others are chatting to each other or drinking juice and doing some other things. And the teacher looks very young.
So she doesn't have so much experience of teaching. And maybe she has some trouble of managing the students, .
What?
 where. I'm from .
So I went to high school there.
Yeah.
 can I see? we had school uniform
in my high school. So the biggest difference.
And also the attitude of the students is quite different.
 in my high school, all the students were going to take entrance examination for university,
so most of the students were very eager to study or studying hard.
I think that's another different point.
. It's easy for the students to coordinate their clothes. For example, if you don't have school uniform, you have to think about what to wear to school.
But if you have school , it's easier just to wear
 thing everyday.
. Maybe it's also convenient for the school or for the teachers to recognize their own students
 in the town or maybe outside school.
And maybe they can pay attention to their students.
.
O K. I'm ready.
Hello, this is speaking.
Hi, . I'm really sorry, but I couldn't come to your party because my daughter got really high fever this morning and I had to take her to the hospital. And my husband was at work, so I was the only person who could take care of my daughter.
 I didn't have time to call you because I was running around to take care of her.
 sorry about that.
Yeah.
Yeah. Unfortunately I don't have cellphone. and I couldn't find any public phone in the hospital. I don't know why, maybe for some strange reason. But maybe I can call all the guests whom you invited to the party the situation later.
.
Yeah. And also if you have any other party that you are planning in the future,
 come.
 she's feeling better now. But maybe I should take care of her a little bit more.
 you're welcome and I'm sorry about that.
. Not really because my daughter is still very small. But I had a small gathering on last Saturday.
 I met my friends from my college. it's been four years, I think, since we got together last time.
That was really nice.
 one of my friends E-mailed everyone and then arranged the date. and also she chose a good restaurant. and actually the restaurant had sort of ,
and you can stretch your legs. But it's still floor room, so some of them could bring their own children
.
And they can play around while we were talking.
Yeah.
Yes.
. Good point.
 O K. Yeah. first of all, we had so many things to talk about because there were many things happened
 from the last time. And it's nice to find out new things or new kind of differences about their lives.
So it was fun. And also some of them got new baby,
 it's interesting to talk about the children, too.
 yeah, . I have a very close friend whom I can see almost every month. So to me, everyone, maybe every four year or so is enough, yes.
O K. one day last week, my sister and I were preparing for camping. And we packed everything and went to the riverside. And we put up the tent and tried to cook or started cooking something. But suddenly, it started raining. And the tent was blown away. And the wind was very strong, so we ran into the car and drove to the hotel called "Cosmos". And we decided to stay in the hotel. and we got relaxed
and had a cup of coffee there.
 last time. last summer, I went back to my hometown with my daughter
and spent about two weeks there.
.
 first time. Yeah.
.
.
. I don't think they are really old yet. but especially my father, he retired three years ago.
And after his retirement, he is enjoying his life more
 compared to the time he was working.
And now he's really interested in playing tennis and going fishing and gardening. So he looks much younger.
Yeah.
.
. Tough question. maybe he had several things that he wanted to do for a long time.
But he didn't have time or maybe he didn't have enough money spend on his hobbies.
So now, he has more time and also some money, so he can enjoy his own time doing many things
 wanted to do for a .
.
 around five.
Yeah.
. 
When I go .
 I could survive today.

 I feel very thankful
. Yeah.
.
No, I don't think so, because I spend entire year last year with my daughter.
I didn't do much job outside, so
 .
Yeah. And also I can enjoy my job outside the house 
I can spend more qualified time with .
So that's good for both of us.
Thank you very much.
