. I'm getting nervous. 
 yes. My name is .
. I'm a little bit nervous now.
  and    I feel a little bit sleepy.
Because I couldn't sleep well yesterday.
 yesterday  in the evening  I was  writing my report.   and in the morning at six o'clock  I finished.
 So I couldn't sleep well.
Yes.
 near here.   about five minutes walk, I can reach here.
Yes.  because my hometown is  in  Prefecture  so     a little bit far from  my hometown to my school.  so near the school, around here, I live alone.
  pardon?
  I can have my private time   more than  in my hometown.
But,  on the other hand,  I have to cook for myself,
 in the morning  lunch and dinner. So that's too difficult for me.  I'm not good at cooking. 
 in ,  living alone, so I have to do   by myself. So when  I sometimes have cold, but I have to treat  for myself.  So   at that time  I always have hard time.  So only   sleeping in my bed  very calmly.
  not special  but   I'm now junior so I have to prepare for the job hunting.   so   next week,  I'll go to take the photograph for the interviewing.
. I have to buy  . Yes.  so    for choosing   I have two points. One is the color.       some student buy grey or black.   that color   may  let the interviewer   good impression.  And  the other  point is       the  length of skirt.  not so short but not so long.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.   maybe  this is  a restaurant at a good hotel. And   couple   is enjoying the dinner    this clock  said  seven o'clock in the evening.   this atmosphere must be good  because   behind the couple,  over there  I can see the girl  playing. And           the lady is dressed up     with good necklace and earring and pretty pink dress,  so I guess  today is her birthday.
 so  one of   the hotel man   recommend them  the very good wine for them.  .  .
O K?
 and   the guy          looks so wise for the taste of wine. .  I guess   he has proud of    wine.
.
   this birthday year   I've been celebrated by the staff of part-time job. Yes. So  my birthday is in summer and    another girl  have the same  the birthday  in summer. So two of us was celebrated together.
 if I can,   I want to spend  with my boyfriend.  but  this year  my brother  got married in June, so   she must spend  with his wife   so  my mother and father is looking forward to    coming back to  my hometown.  Yes.
I'm thinking now.

.
. Excuse me.
. I'm looking for a one-room mansion.
          if I can  I want to have  the room  separated  between  bath and toilet.
 ?
    what kind of  room  do you recommend?
 that's great.
.   about other two rooms?
.
.
.     to be honest  the very importance thing is about the fare  so    which is  more cheaper?
Shinjuku?      about Shinjuku,   I heard from  my friends  there are   a little bit dangerous for me to live alone.  what do you think?
.   I want to see the apartment.
.
Yes. Of course.
 with my mother,     in December  we came to  find a   good apartment.  but first  we couldn't  catch good  apartment. Honestly,  not good .  I  say that. Anyway,   but now   as one,       for to find apartment,  the timing is very important.
   the first,  the owner of the mansion  is   not mansion, flat,   the owner is very kind for me. And my room is next to the owner. So my mother   was relieved.  Yes.
Yes. I'm lucky.
.
No.
Please wait a moment.
O K. I'll start.
  there  three  good friends. And    they're talking about the plan  for Sunday. But it depends on the weather.  so if  on Sunday  it will be rain,     they decided to go to the theater to see the movie. And  on Sunday     I think  it is fine,  it is not rainy. But,  they decided to go to see the movie, so     they go together to see the movie. And before the  starting the movie,  they have time  to be relax. So they bought some popcorn because      at this time  and the early    nine o'clock in the morning, so   they didn't eat  any food. So they bought popcorn and some drinks.  And    during eating popcorns and drinking,  they enjoyed the action movie.   and after enjoying the movie,   they looked    have good time, I guess,  because   they're   all smiling.
Favorite  movie?   so,      I think my best movie is "My Fair Lady". Do you know Audrey Hepburn?
 I like her so    I've seen all of her movies.
  she looks  funny face  very  beautiful   and  she is slim.    but sometimes looks  very skinny.  But  I envy her. 
And her action  is nice   especially in the movie   named  "My Fair Lady".
And the story is very good.
So I recommend you.
?
Please see it.
 after this test,  I'll coming back my home again.   I have to  finish my entry sheet for hunting job.
  job hunting    has already  started.
Yes.  but honestly,   now,   I'm interested  in an English teacher at junior high school.
So if I can, I want to become an English teacher.

