Right.
My name is .
Nice to meet you.
I'm all right. Thanks. 
. Yeah. At three, I finished my class. And actually later I went to the hospital.
Because I wasn't feeling and I got a injection, so now I'm feeling better. 
 I had three classes. And then in the morning, I had bilingual education, which is from the Professor .
And then second was, what did I have? the speech class. And then I heard that my friends making a speech. And then the last one I just finished was the seminar for the applied linguistics.
 usually, I work after school.
So like twice or three times a week, I go to not office but school, and others, I stay in library maybe, and study.
O K. before I'm a transfer student to . Then before that, I worked as a English conversation teacher. And now I work for two schools. Actually I'm not supposed to tell anybody this. In fact, I am a student now, but they told me not to tell to students, because they might think that " I'm learning from the student." So I should keep it confidential but maybe it's O K to tell you.
.
.
 I've worked for like seven years as a English conversation teacher.
And I got so many questions. And I was pretty much interested in the second language acquisition. And I've taught for seven years and then during that time I always wanted to be taught.
And I wanted somebody to teach me. So then I took the transfer examination no, two years ago. And then fortunately I could pass.
 a student here.
 at first I thought my parents would not agree with my idea. But actually my father and mother, they were pretty happy about my decision.
And they even offered to me support for the like tuitions
 for the rent, because my hometown is and I moved to to become a student. But they were pretty happy about it. And my brother and sisters too.
They even helped me to find my apartment
 weekends.
. .
I used to live in the . it's near Station.
 about fifteen minutes drive. And is pretty comfortable place to live, I think, because if you wanna go shopping, there is not big but some department stores in the city center.
And if you wanna go skiing or hiking or go to beach, if you drive like half hour or one hour, you can go there.
O K. it's maybe a girl's room. And sorry, there is one girl and two pets, one cat and one dog. The cat is sleeping on the bed. Door is half open. And then maybe the girl is using the computer now. And the dog is sleeping, I think. I can't see his face. And in her room, there is a personal computer, typewriter, her bed, and then the music component and some books. I think there is a telephone as and then the calendar on the wall.
 a one big window. And then clock is hanging on the wall.
Yep.
O K. maybe mine's quite similar to hers. but one big difference is that my computer is a lap-top
 maybe desk-top. And I don't have any pets. I wish I could but the landlady doesn't allow us to have a pet.
 instead I have three plants in my room and I named them. They are kind of my pets. So other stuffs are pretty close, I think. . Yes.
 actually it was my father's present.
 became a student again, and that was my father's present for me. 
 maybe the because I live in a apartment, the place is pretty limited. so when I don't use the computer, I usually put it on the shelf. And when I use it, I open it on my desk.
I don't need much .
Yep.
O K.
O K.
O K.
Hello? this is .
.
 actually, I'm calling because I am not able to come to your party this weekend. I feel really sorry about that.
 I'm . my grandmother's been really sick recently and she really wants me to come back to my hometown. So I have to see her this weekend. And so I'm not gonna make it for your party. I'm coming back maybe on Monday, so I'm really sorry. But maybe next time, I can come to your party. is it O K or?
 I'm really sorry.
Yes.
 Really?
 I'm 
 I feel really bad for that. I'm sorry. can you make it in the different time or?
?
 Right. Yes. That's true. I'm sorry, but I really have to come back for my grandmother and I hope you understand and everybody does, too.
. then maybe I'll come on Monday. How's that?
 but I'm sorry, but O K, I'll call everybody. Personally I'll make a phone call to everybody and apologize.
 I try to cancel the food, but if I can't, I'll pay for that.
? Yes. I will.
.
Yes, I will. I promise.
Thank you very much.
. Bye.
O K. 
, but yeah. Maybe the next week. Because there will be Christmas and then season. So I will have some parties. Yes.
Actually after this, I'm going to seminar drinking . We're meeting at six o'clock at the the . And thirteen of us are having drinking party.
Thirteen. So .
Actually this time, this is our first and maybe the last. And then the one of the boy suggested to have a party and he organized everything.
So last week I mean the q
So he organized everything and we just circled the food we want to eat.
And it's actually the Turkish food. This is my first time to eat the Turkish.
So I'm pretty much excited about that.
.
All of them?
O K.
Last week.
O K.
So do I have time to think or should I just start?
 one day last week, Jane and her friend decided to go on a picnic. They packed everything for camping and they even brought a game to it. And set up the tent and even started cooking. After a while, but it started raining. And they decided to go back. no, they tried to put everything into the car, but actually the tent was blown off. And they just managed to get into the car. so they decided to go home. While they were driving, they found one hotel called Cosmos. They decided to stay there. And fortunately, they could have a room in that hotel, so decided to stay in the hotel. And next morning, they found that the weather was really good and then the scenery from the hotel room was really beautiful. They were happy about that.
Free time.
Free time. I wish I could have more free time. But I read books, magazines, I call my friends, and most of the time, maybe I go net surfing.
Sorry?
 I use my computer and try to see, like I don't subscribe any newspapers or magazines, because I'm afraid of the people coming to my room and collect money. And so I decided to read newspaper through the Internet. So I see the titles of the news and usually I feel interested in, I check that news and try to read it. And others like checking the latest movies or shopping information.
Something like that.
Yes.
 before I had more free time, but I was kind of busy, too. But I used to work from Tuesday to Saturday, so on Saturday night after work, I usually got together with my friends and used to go to 
and often to and maybe once or twice a month, we stayed up till morning. And then in the morning, we used to catch the first train to go home. So if I could have more free time, I would be really happy. But I think it's really good to be busy. I want to keep myself busy, so I like the way I am now. And I like the what I used to be.
So happy about that.
Stress?
 I personally not like going camping or that kind of stuff, because I feel really uncomfortable sleeping outside and cooking outside. I'm not so much attracted to that kind of outdoor things. Instead I prefer like seeing movies or watching T V or going shopping with my friends.
That's the , but if they like doing that, I think it's really good.
Maybe depends on people.
Yes. Starts at 
maybe six-thirty. 
.
.
Thank you .
Bye.
