My name is .
Yes.
Nice to meet you, too.
I live in  City.
City?    it has  four hundred thousand   people. And     in next May,   City and   City and  City, these three  cities are going to be  one  city.   it will be called  City.
Yes.
  there are four members in  our family.  my husband   and two children and  me.
Children?  a boy and a girl. And the boy is  in the   junior high school now. And  he just passed  the entrance exam.
 Thank you. And  my daughter is in the fifth grade now. And    she enjoys playing with her friends everyday. And    son joining the basketball club  in high school.
 .   yes. I  think so.  but  he also read a lot more comic books than            he had used to   read    before  the exam   training  started. And  he sometimes  took part in the  club activity with  other friends.      he already retired from  the club activity     when he  finished the    last summer matches. So, I think  he is kind of good at  switching   his feeling.
Describe this picture?  it is a sunny day. And  this is a   residence area. And      a man  is jogging and  another man is sitting on the bench and reading a newspaper. And     two boys are playing  with a ball. And a girl is jumping  rope. And two women are chatting on the road. And    they all look so relaxed and  happy. And   I can get a very  pleasant .
?  Do I do?
  to relax,   I might  meet some of my friends   and go out for lunch. And  chat and .
   our children and our future and our present, maybe, problem. 
 this card?
.
Yes.
. .
Hello?  I'm sorry. .
. .  Hi, . This is .
How are you doing?
I'm fine.  I'm calling today  to ask you if you have some time    this afternoon.
. .
 you're busy.  then I'm thinking of going to a movie.  and  I wonder if you'd like to go with me.
      would you like to go  to a movie?
          I don't have anything in particular now, but  there is a complexion theater  in  and I  was   really looking forward to   going there and seeing   movie over there. And there are so many  kinds of movies, and  we can choose any of them.
And then     do you think     you'd be interested in 
seeing  one movie?
             when is your free time?
Next Monday?     it's O K with me.
Yes.   then      how about Monday morning?
 we could meet  at   at the Mycal Complexion Theater  at ten o' clock. And  we could find   which movie  we would like to see. And then, if we have time before seeing the movie, we could     eat  at Saty.
 how about that idea?
Then      see you next Monday,
  ten o'clock at Mycal.
.
   I'm not a moviegoer.  because    tickets are so expensive in Japan. So, these days, I don't see  so many movies.
Last time  I saw was   Japanese one. And   I went to see that movie with my daughter.
One day last week,      this boy is  me? Or  I can say "A boy and"? .
One day last week,      a boy  happened to meet  one of his   high school teacher. And   they hadn't met  since  the high school  graduation day.   the teacher  got really excited and glad to meet the boy. And  he would like to know how the boy was doing.   and he invited the boy   for lunch. And  took him to the nearest restaurant.           at the table the man  recommended some of the good  dishes   at the restaurant. And the boy   thought he would  try   one of them. And because  the       boy was a    college student then, and     he turned out to be twenty years old. So,  he ordered a beer.   and they   enjoyed eating  delicious  food    and  alcohol. And they  talked about  the  fun memories of   the boy's high school days. And the boy told the teacher  what he  was interested in or  what he was doing or what he was going to do. And  the teacher was so pleased  to listen to the boy. And   the boy had the fish and the teacher had  meat. And  they had  more than enough  for lunch. But they really had a good time. And they promised  each other  to see  again and     he  told  to the boy that     he was always ready to be there for  the boy if the  some or something to  solve. And they said good-bye and   departed.
 I like     so-called "family restaurant". And   because   they have variety of  dishes. And   I don't like  meat. Minced meat is O K, but steak or  usual    meat,    I can't eat those things. So,     when we go to  a family restaurant, you can choose  anything.
Yeah.
This weekend?     I'm going to attend  one of the meeting for the   community kids. And      that will be  first time for all of us. And  I don't know who is    next mother   who are taking care of   elementary school children  .
Thank you.
Thank you.
