. My name is . Nice to meet you.
.  .
Yes.
 I don't like this  hot weather    I like  winter because I can't stand for this weather.  but at last, I got the  commute ticket.
 I used to go walk from    Station to  Station, but  at last, the day before yesterday, I got the ticket  and I'm happy now because I don't need to walk to this university.
Yeah.
 I will go back to my      . I'm from  and  I would take car license during this summer.
But I'm afraid I don't have sense of  driving. So  I'm afraid.
   I didn't intend to have  the car license, but my father recommended to me to have it.  it's better  for me to have car license,
. So I have to take that license.
I will take the  license,
so it's easier than to take manual license.
 my family?
 only  my father,
lives in  even though other family,  my mother and my sister lives in  because he have to   work for us in Tokyo. And he  lives in  and now I live with him in . But our family lives separately, so I'm little bit worried about the situation. I want to live with all of my family.
 really?
 it's too bad. I think it's good place to   from this hot weather.  it's  cooler than  in Tokyo.
  in my circle,  I belong to guitar circle, and the circle,  we're going to . Do you know the  is in ?
  I was surprised that  many friends in  University don't know that  is in . . But    I live in ,
maybe you don't know, near .  is near . So   I recommend you to go to .
Yeah.
There is many   green.

.
O K.   a man and  a lady is  having dinner. And    a waiter is  asking him  whether   he likes  red wine or white wine. Maybe  he likes the  red wine and  he and she and also waiter is smiling so the situation is good, I think. And  the place is very  good place to have dinner because there're many  space  between the table each other. So   and it seems the place  seems quiet and  behind  he and  the lady's table   lady is playing the piano. And there is a very big clock. . .
 yes, I like  to eat
outside because  actually I don't like cookings   but    I try to cook,  but I'm not good at cooking. So  I wonder why    I don't  like my mother. My mother is very good at  cooking. So  I want to be like her.
    when I eat outside with my friends,  I have to pay attention to the   not cost, money situation .
But when I   dine out with my father,  I don't need to care about my money situation. So I'm glad to have dinner with my father.
O K.
Yes. I want to go to New York   as quick as possible.  . Do you have any tickets to New York?
. . What is the best train to get to New York quickly?
Yeah.
  how much is it?
Two hundred dollars. Two hundred dollars is  little bit expensive for me because  I'm university student. So what is lower ticket?
Please
.
How much is it?
. It's better.  when will it leave this station?
One more hour?    the train you mentioned before was       what time will  that train leave?
Thirty minutes?    I want to  take it. So   two hundred dollars?
O K. Here you are.
O K. .  what home do I have to go,
?
Number two? O K.   thirty minutes.
O K. Thank you very much.
Bye-bye.
.
 yes. I'm very interested in traveling. And if I don't need to take   car license, I wanted to go somewhere  abroad,
 by myself. But  I don't have opportunity to go.
Last trip?
    when  I was in high school,
 my family went to family trip.   my family went to Europe.
  Switzerland and France for my family trip.  only for my family trip. And it was very interesting,   and the best place I was interested in was  Germany.
Because there were many many cute buildings. And  when I was   in Germany, I felt  as if I were in  Tokyo Disneyland.
 yeah, there were many many  cute buildings so I want to go there again,
by myself. 
O K.   O K.  one day last week, I saw the advertisement that  there was sale in  Marui . So I went there  on the way from the office. And  because  the day was my husband's birthday, so I was  thinking about the present for him. So I found a   very nice tie. So I   asked clerk that     how was it for my husband. And he recommend there is   whose color was green and yellow. So I got it. And he wrapped it  carelessly, and it was decorated very  cute. And I paid three thousand yen for tie. And       even though I got  the good feeling because I got the tie, but I found there was a final   sale of  lady shoes. And it was thirty percent off. And I was very interested in that sale. And  in addition, there was a sale of ladies  clothing at fifty percent off. And  even though I tried to   stop seeing it, because   I had to spend much money for them. But I couldn't   tolerate  buying them. So  in the end, I got everything I wanted. So  I was little bit worried about my husband because I had    spent   much money. But I was very glad because I got many things I wanted. And it was that day.
 this interview,  I will take the test of TOEFL    tomorrow.
. Yes.  tomorrow I have to go the place I take the test,  about  eight-thirty in morning.
So  because I live in  it's hard for me to go there on the time. So  I will stay at my friend's house in   .
So I will  go to her house.
. .
