My name is  .
Yes.
 I come from   
   Ward.
Yes.
Yes, I think it's a big place.   I have not been here, so little surprised.
Yes. I have two sons, and  I have a husband, . 
 Elder son is,  junior high school and third grade.
And  younger son is   six grade in elementary school.
Maybe  he always  play  T V game,
  Play Station of Sony Entertainment.
.
 Recently,  maybe     I'm watching television.  And sometimes I'm studying English.
And    lot of time in the studying, I  read the magazine of Newsweek or  so, I'm little nervous about speaking. 
     I had a  dream that I'll become a interpreter, but I realized it's a very difficult for me, so   .
But I passed the  interpreter test of volunteer, and so I will have a dream that I may have a experience of a voluntary interpreter in the city of .
  maybe I think I can't choose the  area. Everything that I've  asked the task, I will accept. 
       I've studied      chemistry,   so  I  have a ambition of   using the  stage of English to this  area.
Yes. .   the first thing is that,  two woman is speaking about their interesting  and one women is,  leading the dog. And near them, there is a  parking car and   on the roof, there is a cat    maybe it is sleeping or so. And there is a big house,  in front of them. And  little girl is  playing a  .  And in the  yard of the house, there are two boy   who is playing a   volleyball. And in front of the big house,   there are two dogs.   and one  young man  is jogging  on the road  over the big house.
He's passing. And a little   elder   man are reading newspaper,   across the road. Maybe   his house is there. And  he has a garden. In his garden, there is a  relaxing time and reading a newspaper.
Yes. In my area,          it's rare to see a big house and,   large garden. In my area, there is a house but    they're not so big. And   they have  no large garden.     I live condominium so   I think it's a dream. 
.
Yes.
Hello.     this is .
How are you?
And I have a  plan to go to  movie.
 Would you  mind?
. What kind of movie  would you like?
So, then,  let's go to the  Shibuya Station   and       what is the   convenient place and time?   I'll  arrange my time.
Yes. So,    I'm ready to go to in this afternoon. And then    we'll meet  two  in the afternoon. And maybe it's convenient for us to meet in front of the    Tokyu Bunka Kaikan.
I'll get train of  line and  get out of the Shibuya Station. And I'll go there.
 No.  but   in  two minutes walk, I'll get the  Station. So it's not for me to  difficult to  go there.  in a  forty minutes.
 . Maybe  not so difficult, but  J R line   is little  away from the Tokyu Bunka Kaikan. So, ,  please get the J R line  and  to go to the   direction of    line.
And  beyond the  line, you'll be find  building of Tokyu Bunka Kaikan.
Yes.
 See you.
 no.
         anytime  I'll go out,    I always shopping or  go to my son's school or  go to the lesson for English.

 I sometimes have to go to a    consulting  time    once or twice of the term of  our son's school.
Yes, but,          always,  we talk about     the other mother of the meeting. 
One day last week, a  woman  who have a  large paper bag and handbag enter the   department store. And    she will  buy something.  then    find necktie    for  her husband birthday. So   maybe  favorite  necktie have find,  bought And she  pay a  .  maybe  it's a  precious. And then,  another floor of department,    she find a  favorite  shoes that is discounted of thirty per cent. So  one of them, maybe she will buy. And another floor or corner,    she find the    nice      sweater or blouse.  and maybe she  buy them. So  she had a many   shopping  bag. Maybe she  have bought many things of that.
  recently,     . 
Yes.  very .
 Pardon?
 it's very  close, so    I have  little time to go to  there. But  it's in time,  I can  buy a many things  I want. I always want     usually   food.
 maybe   I'll go Shibuya Station, and go to a bookstore.
And I will find a book about    housing.
Maybe we will   transplace    some other place.
