Yes.
 my name is .
Nice to meet you, too.
 I live in City.
. About one and a half hours.
 yes.
 I have a one sister, and my parents.
 we live together.
 she works at a construction company. I don't know what exactly she does there.
 I work for a computer manufacturing company.
 my office locates in . And actually it's next to the . so when there're concerts held,
 there are lots of people walking around. It's very crowded.
 since I graduated university, so about nine years.
 I'm doing the actually I got transferred about two years ago. but you know, I'm every day the same work.
 yeah, it's just fine.
Well actually, I like the current one better.
 because it's very convenient. There are many the restaurants around there. So there are many restaurants. But I can say that I've been to the all of the every restaurant near office.
So it's a very good opportunities.
 there are many buffet-style restaurants. And the one I like best is the one at the Prince Hotel Shopping Plaza.
And it's in the basement of the Prince Hotel. And it's only one thousand yen and all-you-can-eat style lunch buffet. that is very good.
 I will recommend you. 
Well recently, last week, I went there twice.
And on the top of the Prince Hotel, there is a dessert buffet.
And it is sixteen hundred yen. And this month, they have the strawberry fair.
 yeah, it's nice.
. It's on the forty-second floor on the top of the Prince Hotel.
.
Sure. it is in a room. And a woman sitting on a chair. And on this room, there are two animals. One dog and one cat. And there are P Cs. And a stereos, phones. And it's nine, probably, A. M.
And it is June. It's very tidy room.
 yes.
 seems like her room is much larger than mine.
And I have a P C, but my P C .
 yeah, it does not do harm for the P C.
 and usually, on the week days, of course I work. So probably I'm not quite sure, probably she's student.
 but usually, when I'm at room, it's night.
So I don't really see the sunlights from the window.
? Pardon?
.
 no, no, no. it's on a , so usually from the heat, it will suffer but the is broken.
 so it's O K for the P C.
 yeah, it's winter, but I can't use it for . 
Computer? because there is a fan inside this P C,
 I don't know how it will really functions. but the computer itself generates heat.
So there is a fan to cool off the computer. So if it's got hot, it will do the harmful things to the P C.
Just like a refrigerator or something.
Sure.
 Yes.
 I want to buy a ticket to New York.
 and I want to go there as soon as possible.
So what kind of a ticket should I buy?
O K. How's cost?
. So O K. So can I have one ticket for the New York using that express train?
Three hours ?
 no. no. is there any other trains?
. how long does it take?
From here to New York?
 but it's faster compared with the express train if I wait for three hours. Right?
So, O K, I will get that ticket.
.
Fifty dollars?
O K. here's the cash.
 thanks.
.
,
last Autumn.
.
 I didn't take the regular trains but I took mostly subways. And it's very convenient because you hear a lot of rumors about the subways because like it's very dangerous and very dirty.
 when I first get into the station of the subway,
I felt like I was in a movie. because I like to watch the American movies, and many movies are filmed in New York City.
And, yeah, it's really kind of very, really experience. but it was not that bad. it's not that clean as the subway in Tokyo.
But it's fairly O K.
 there, I rode on subway on a night, too, after watching musicals or operas.
 but it's just fine.
 from the Broadway to the hotels, all the people from the Times Square, most of the people after watching the musicals.
So it's the other tourists.
So it's just O K.
 O K.
O K. last week, I went for shopping at the department store in . I wanted to buy a birthday for my uncle. And I wanted buy him a nice necktie. And I found a green necktie which will be very suitable for him. So I bought there and paid. but on the way back to my home, actually I found a sale which says shoes. And then, I found the fifty percent off of the clothing. So actually, when I went there, I just wanted to buy a birthday present. But I also bought a shoes and a suit for me. And I left the department store.
Last present?
 actually I bought a souvenir from New York at the duty-free shop.
 I bought a some of the cosmetics .
 it's very hard to choose
 there are wide varieties.
So what I bought is the one that which has many colors in a one single pen and it is for the make ups. one of the most expensive kinds, so I thought my friend will be pleased.
 lately, I don't . 
 I already got a lot. 
 but in New York, I bought a T-shirt because the Calvin Klein is very famous. is locates at centers in New York. So I bought T-shirt for my co-workers, no, no, no, no, no, for myself, too.
O K.
 only a week.
 yes.
 'cos actually, I won the ticket. ? the plane ticket at the drawings.
.
Yeah.
 I bought three thousand yen worth of video cassette of Sony.
And I entered into the prize contest,
and I won.

 .
Thank you.
