 my name is .
 I'm fine, .
And you?
Good.
 I had an operation.
I had my jaw cut, so I was in the hospital.
.
 I don't know the reason. And also doctor doesn't know reason why jaw got changed the shape. But for some reason change my jaw and I take an operation to set forward the jaw.
 yes. I feel all right.
 I'm in isn't in my schedule .
 I have to my life and experience in my school life. And I have to write a letters in the for companies, so that's the biggest .
 no, I haven't decided yet.
.
It's a class. And there are many kinds of students. I guess students from all generations. And only a few students listen to the lecture and somebody are chatting in the classroom. And there is a middle-aged man who is chewing the gum. And there is a boy drinking a juice or something. And he is also listening to the music with headphone. And the girl is looking at her mobile phone. So there is only one student who are studying the class. the teacher seems she doesn't care what the students do and she teaching her mathematic lesson.
 my class was not like this.
 most of students listened to their class. And also, if there were some students were chatting like them, teacher got angry. Then, students stop chatting. So, yes, my class was good.
 in fact, I'm a teacher in a clam school as in job, so if my is like this, I'll get angry and tell the student stop to chewing the gums and drinking juice or chatting. And if they keep on drink like this, I'll get the classroom,
maybe.
Yes, I'm in a tour in your travel agency. But there are some problems. Because in this trip a lot of things are different, from the brochure. So I would like to know what happen the plan.
Yes.
 I really want to my plan back and want to do what I planned in Japan. But if it's not possible, I think you should pay for it.
 really. So maybe the dinner ticket is O K. Or some option tours, can you offer me?
 just talk to your boss and get back call to my hotel room.
 but I have to go back to Japan two days after. So let's make a decision.
.
As soon as possible, please
Good-bye.
O K.
No, not really.
 I complain to a tour guide at first. And if tour the guide doesn't do anything, maybe I'll call the office in Japan or tour agency in that place.
. Yes.
 my mother bought sweets in super market and it was Fujiya's Home Pie. But when I opened the box, the pies in the box was all black. So I can't eat them, of course, so I called the Fujiya's headquarter and tell them what happened. So they told me to send the box back and I could get a boxes of pie.
O K.
Excuse me. Should I talk as if I am one of them?
. O K.
Yes.
One day last week, I and my friend went to a camp my car. And we got to place and we set up the tent and very good. Because the weather was good and everything was going well. But just when we finished set up a tent, the clouds covered the sky and it began to rain. , and we didn't care. we thought that it would stop raining soon. But it was a mistake. the very heavy rain and like a typhoon attacked us. And it blew the tents and curry and rice or everything we set up. So we couldn't . Then, we got in a car and And the storm was getting tough and coming hotel. So we decided to go in the hotel. Then, in hotel room, we took shower and made a hot coffee. But just we relaxed in the hotel room, the sky was getting cleared and sun came up.
.
.
Yes.
 I don't know. But I guess it's because most of people live in a city.
So there's like, , any nature, so they want to feel the nature. Because that's it. That's the reason.
No.
Because I hate mosquitoes.
When I was children, my parents took camping so many times. I like cooking outdoor. But, you know, always I was a good girl for mosquitoes. So I don't like camping.
 I'll see my friend and we'll exchange because the examination is coming up.
Yes. 
.
Thank you very much and I'm so sorry to be late.
