My name is .
  in .
Yes.
Yeah. We moved there  about one month ago.
Yeah. It's comfortable.
. Not I,  but my mother choose the place because  she likes the atmosphere. . There's no big stores but  only houses and it's so quiet  and the people around is nice.
My major is  English literature
and  linguistics.
 when I traveled to England,  I was in the high school and  I saw a  Shakespeare play in Stratford and  I was so impressed.
 and then I became  interested in  English literature like Shakespeare
and plays.
  when I first saw the play,  I was just   thought it was great because   I think  then I just like the play atmosphere.
  then I liked the actors speaking,   I thought that  the words are so beautiful.
  it was different from  what I learned in the school.
English was different. And I thought it's so beautiful   and I became interested.
.
  I think both Japanese people and   British people are so quiet,  not so bright
 as American people.  , and not so friendly. But  I think     they think more and deeply.
When I talk to British people ,  I can understand what they think.  I feel   they have  same spirit as Japanese. I think because   that British is like island
as Japan.
Free time? I like traveling,
watching movies. I like listening to music.
Sometimes  I play tennis.

O K.
.
Start?
O K. This is  a map and the train station.
 I think  this is   some kind of big city
because there're many train rails.  and  there are two rivers,
  and there is a zoo,  so I think it's a beautiful  leisure city.
I think  this city is so comfortable to live,
because  I think the rivers are beautiful and  there are many  trains are running. And  also there are schools, libraries, hospitals. .  we need such kind of things
 around my houses.
   and we can see   so many bus stops.
So I think  it is a kind of  new town
 made for the people
live comfortably.
Ideal town? . O K. I think I need a train station as well as this map because   if there is a train station, we can go anywhere.  and also we need hospitals, schools, and supermarkets,   or other convenience    stores. And  it's better  to have  big parks or rivers like this. . .   . . .
 because now, I have a big river near my house and sometimes  I go for walk, and it's so comfortable. I like the river.
And there's so many birds there, and  such kind of  rivers or lakes make people comfortable.
O K.
No.
.
O K.
O K.
 excuse me.  I couldn't take the train that I reserved. I was late. So  can you refund the ticket?
  because the traffic  was so heavy and I couldn't get here.
Please. I need to go as soon as possible.
Yeah, I started   early   but there was a traffic accident  near the station.
The car didn't move for a long time.
.
 could you change the ticket for the next train?
Yes, it's O K.
. O K.
.
Thank you.
Yeah.
 yeah. When I was going to Ireland from England,
    I took ferry
 to Ireland.   and   I had a big bag, and I need  to get to other room.
Then  when I  got to Ireland, I was waiting for the bag
coming. But  the  bag didn't came and it was lost.
And, yeah, so we need to wait so long because it was in .
  but  people in a office of the ship gave me the ticket for eating and  hotels, so I wait about  one day
.
Yeah. 
.
O K.
O K.
Start?
. One day last week,   the businessman went to the station and  he was  about to ride a train.
And   when he was waiting the train at the platform,   some  other man's elbow hit him and   the businessman's bag dropped into the train rail.
And   the business man  got angry    because the bag dropped into to the  train rail because of the other man's elbow.
  but    that person in the station,   put the bag  to the businessman .  since then,  the businessman kept  his bag  so carefully.  and   in the train, he never  put the bag,    far from him
  not to  drop or kicked or lost anymore.
Yes. O K.  transportation. I think   transportation in London and Tokyo is  not so different.  there are so  many subway lines,  and we can go anywhere by the subway. But  in rest of the country,  in Japan, we can go  almost everywhere by train     and  the  train time table is correct. But   in Britain,   there are not so many train lines. We can't go  somewhere. We need cars, some other transportations.
And the time table is not correct and   sometimes the trains will be late or the train stopped.
And so I think the  yes, Japanese one is better than British one.
 I need to go to buy a pair of suit
for job hunting.
.
 I think grey one.
Yeah.
 in the beginning.
 Yeah.
.
. .
