O K. My name is .
.
Sure.
 I'm wonderful.
 the weather is fine so I'm very happy. How about you?
Today? O K.   in the morning, I cleaned my rooms  and I washed some clothes.  I do the laundry in the morning. And I made lunch boxes for my parents and I.
And I just came here.
O K.  my major is   English education
and American literature.
And I have been teaching English for five years in a vocational school near Takadanobaba Station.
And that's why  I had decided to take  some courses in the literature at the Department of Literature Two.
So  this is the second year for me to   at . And I'm going to graduate this March.
O K.  I have been   reading American literatures. And I like reading  some works  written by        female novelist like  Mrs Stowe  Harriet Beecher Stowe.
 she wrote   "Uncle Tom's Cabin"
and  some short stories.
Yeah. And  so  and  as I told you, my major is  English education and American literatures, so I take    more importance on   English education. But unfortunately in the course, yeah,  yeah, the Department of the Literature Two, they don't have many classes for  English education. So  I have to take  some classes in the Department of Education
 in the morning or in the afternoon just before the classes I am taking at    the Department of Literature Two.
O K. Free time.
  on weekends,
I like to go to  a park,
and I walk in the park for one hour or two hours.
 
 that is  my favorite.
And I like  playing the piano and the flute
as well.
.
O K.
.  O K. So there are many people  at this . And some of them are skiing.
And some of them are children and they are playing  with snowballs.
And  the four children are fighting with snowballs and they look very happy.
And in the lodge,  there is a cafeteria and two people are drinking  something,  probably coffee or tea and they are talking and drinking in that lodge. And   they are  one, two, three, four, five, six,  six people skiing.
  one of them   seems to be a leader who is wearing  yellow coat. And he is shouting something to other people, probably. And   there is one guy who just fall down   and he is wearing a black  skies.
And   he might broke  one of his legs.
How awful. .
 yes, I used to.
 I skied.
And I like skating when I was in elementary school.
But now,   I prefer walking in the wood.
Yeah.
   I have  the experience of skiing.
But I haven't  tried any snowboard. So   I don't have  much    information about snowboard.
But  the snowboard   is a tool  it has  one board. But  the ski has two board on the people's  feet, and  in my opinion,  skiing is much safer than snowboard.
 because I've heard many accident happened in the skiing place with  the people who are  snowboarding.
So  that's why  I think the snowboard is a bit dangerous.
And, yeah, if I have a chance,  I'd like to try snowboard.
O K.
O K.
Hello, this is  speaking.
  ? Is it ?
  I'm afraid   I couldn't go to your party yesterday.
 so   was it very good?
 really.   I'm so sorry for  not going there.
 because I was stung by jellyfish  the day before yesterday. And   I usually feed my jellyfish everyday. But   the day before yesterday, I couldn't     I happened to  touched my jellyfish. And that's why I was stung by a jellyfish.
So my fingers and feet were becoming bigger and bigger,
and   within ten minutes. And    I felt  much pain.
So now, I have many blisters on my feet and fingers.
And it is very hard for me to walk with many blisters.
That's why I couldn't   come to your party.
I'm so sorry.
.
.
.  I ask my husband to  call , but  he couldn't call you.
 really.  I'm very surprised to hear that.
I didn't know he couldn't call you.
 I'm very sorry about that.
So  next time, please  invite me again. So I  some
   homemade cake for you.
.
Bye-bye. Take care.
  I couldn't go to  any party
by any accident?
O K.   yeah.
    this winter vacation, I went to the Phillippine to see my  the Philippine friend.
 and his friend   invited us to  their house.
But  the day before that day,   there was a bomb explosion in Manila.
     it happened   on December thirtieth, I think.
And we couldn't go to the central Manila  where my friend's house was located. So that's why I had to call  our friend's friends. Then I told them   I couldn't go there because of the dangerous situation in central Manila.
Yeah.
O K.
.
O K. One day last week,    I went to the station   as   I usually do. And the station is very crowded with many people. Because 
it was in the morning.
And on the platform, I was waiting for the next train. And    I was thinking about   the dream I dreamed last night. But suddenly,  the man next to me   touched my elbow and I drop my bag on the track.  I was very surprised to see the bag falling down on the  track. And I  shouted to the man, "   so what do you do with my bag? My bag is on the track.".  and the man   wearing a blue suits said, " I don't know. I just talking to  my friend and I didn't do anything to you.". "No, you pushed me   you did    made my bag fall on the track.". And suddenly, the train came. And I was very nervous about my bags. . And  after the train passed,  my bag  was still    on the track. And      the bag is O K.  the anything happened to my bags. So I'm very relieved to know that. And I called for   I asked  the clerk of   the  train company  to bring my   bag.
Then, I gained my bag again.
 I should hold my bag
steadily. And  then,   if my suitcase or bag is so heavy, I prefer  putting my bag down on the platform.
  and keep it tightly.
O K. I'm taking  a final examination at six o'clock today. So there is  one hour and half .
So I will prepare for the examination.
.
.
