Yes. My name is .
Yes, of course.
Yeah, fine thank you, and you?
 I  I come by  trains  and walk.
Yes. That's it.
Yes. I live in , and around my   no, apartment, there is   a lot of  shops and also, hospitals and parks  I wanna say,   and some   residential areas.
.   . What I say, it's a as       fish shops and  some small shops of        what I say,     selling of  sweet and candies, and also some small   boutiques.
, I'm just looking for a job.
. For example, secretaries,   translation, alike this.
. Why. Because   I was in the England six or seven months and studied English conversation and histories,  and  just  almost I learned conversations. So if it's possible, I'd like to got  in .
. My hobby. . Here in Japan,  almost  just a walking around my house and   taking ride  bicycles. And sometimes I meet my friend  and    talking about       can I say, my life  and  something  happened in the world or in Japan.
. Yes. And I think,   this area is a  skiing area, and    some people skiing    quite  well.  and I saw  one couple skiing very well,  and one is  fallen  in the field. And  there is   no people, and   I don't know what to say this, a lift? And also a some small children      snowboard play, and  I see two people talking over a cup of tea in the house. And someone made a  snowman    near the house. And also a lot of  skies, and snowboard   near the house.   I think it's very fine this area because there is   no wind, no blizzard here. And I saw   one  beautiful mountain    far from this area. And  I think  this area is very good. So I don't think this is not Japan. . 
.
.
.   this area is not so crowded, and   people   because not very crowded so  I thought  this is not Japan.
Bicycle riding? Because I don't have a  other vehicle to ride in .    and I think in , it's very difficult to  park a car. And it is a very convenient to go to some area in .   and  two years ago, my friend  give me a bicycle so I  always    riding a bicycle.
.
. .
Yes.
Yes, please.  I'm sorry   I'm late to take  a train   I reserved . So  could you refund or    exchange  ticket for me?
Why?
Against policy? . . Why? But  if you have  some reasonable question, you have to change or refund it. This is a quite  reasonable, I believe.
 I think  it's unbelievable because  when I go to some place to  the similar situation, some people  willingly change a  ticket or  giving  other      free seat.
Where? .  . ? Where? . Some   other company. 
 yes.
. Because    I helped some people who   is in trouble  on my way to this station. So I was  little bit late because she was a sick, so I give him a help to call  ambulance or something like that.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes, thank you.
A problem?
What kind of,
. Yes. . Fortunately, in England, no. But   in the U S,
.
And  because I didn't know the U S    airport of the    LaGuardia.   there were   two airport near the one after another. So  I missed the train,  and also, I didn't know how to get to the  other airport. So I was late,  and I asked the  people related to flight and she gave me a good   piece of advice to take a  another flight.
Yes.
. Yes. A woman  went to  department store to by  something, but at this time she didn't decide what to buy. Then,    she  remember that     her father's birthday was near, so  she decided to buy a tie for him.   and choose  one of them  which   fit to her father. And she paid a money and     took  a tie, then    she was certainly  leaving in the department store. But at that time, she saw a final sales in the  shoes store, so she just  looked at shoes to choose, but she didn't find anything to please her. So, then, she went to the  other floor to buy  clothes, but     very good outfit so she decided finally to buy      one dress, and  a    overcoat because it was a  very cheaper then its usuals. So she bought some clothes and  she left the department store.
.   I'm sorry,  difference     there in England,  the England especially in London, I saw a several departments in London, but  they were not so   very crowded  on  weekday, but in Japan,  some departments store  were  very crowded, I believe.  And sales person in the England are  very kind, and know very well   the   clothes   they are selling. But in Japan, some sales person don't know very well about what they  were selling. 
 I go to , and   I have to do   composition.
.
