I'm .
Sure. Please.
Good. Fine, thank you. how are you?
 yes. I took train from no Line. It took about one and half an hour. It was a long distance.
You are welcome. But I used to live here.
 this place reminds me of my my young life. 
 that way.
 I don't know the name of the street, but this way go that way. Just five minutes walk from here.
.
 yes. Yes, I did. Because name is really good, isn't it? Long happiness .
Tuesday? On Tuesdays? You mean ?
 of course, you know, I you know, having test, and then I have to pick up my son at two o'clock to a kindergarten. Yes. And after this I have free time.
 maybe. most of day I was busy with my housekeeping and nursering, and today we are maybe going to to play with my son
 it's very beautiful day.
Sons. I have two boys.
Yes. first son is in third grade and second one is in kindergarten. Yes. my first son he is in baseball team now. He is busy with baseball practice on weekends. And now he wants to be a professional baseball player. . Yes. And then, the other son, the younger one is so talkative. He is always wondering in everything. . On this way to kindergarten this morning, he asked me many questions. He always does this. "Am I able to do this?". "Why we were here?" or "How do the baby is born?" or something like that. . And then, he likes to play outside, too.
Yes.
That's right.
.
 I saw this picture .
.
Yes. . they are in restaurant and maybe they are a couple and I think they have some kind of maybe wedding anniversary, and then they are having dinner. And the husband thinking which one is better. And the sommelier recommends that wine to him and then he thinks that would be fine, maybe. And then nice music has been playing with piano and they will have dinner.
 nothing special, because our wedding anniversary is May fifth and it's for Children's .
 a kind of present to me.
. Yes.
 yeah. yes. We went to my parents-in-law's house and then had dinner with them and then my kids had a present from their grandfather and mother, and they are pleased with them.
 yes. we are live away from each other and then my parents-in-law certainly their grandchildren. So and then our kids love to go to their place because they are so kind, and they are always buy some toys to them. . that's why they love to go .
. And then, maybe they wants to have their grandchildren, too.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes. I bought this sweater this Sunday, but it's not fit to me. Do you mind changing this sweater more smaller one?
But the other day, I asked you to try on, but you said you can't. But you said if it was not fit to you, you will accept to change the other clerk said so, so that's why I brought this one.
But your company said so. I'd like to ask that person or your boss were here?
 really.
Why your common idea with the customers are depends on person. You know? the clerk said yes, but you said no.
Yes, yes. I will. O K.
 No, not really.
.
. First of all, I decide what to buy today, before I leave. because I don't want to waste any money so and then go to shopping, I want to buy a lot of things. So I make up my mind first what to buy today. And then, recently, I ask some advice from clerk because they are really know about their items and the combinations of colors or shapes. so now I ask them advices. .
Is it? though.
.
 using these pictures?
Do I have to go from one to six?
From one to six?
O K. 
O K. One day, Mister Smith went on trip for business. And he was going to station. And then, on the platform he dropped off his bag rail line, and then because of somebody pushed him and he dropped off his bag, and he argued to the person why he pushed me. But he didn't recognize he push him. But after that, station officer came and picked the bag for him, and safely, he had bag again. And then, he guaranteed. And he went to his business trip safely.

 I like to drive a car, but my children like trains. So if we have chance, we always take trains.
 it was the last summer. We went to the United States to visit Grand Canyon, and then I used to now live just short time for three months, I stay in San Francisco, and now I went to back to there, and then we went to San Francisco, and after that we went to Grand Canyon.
 yes. the scenery was so huge. And it was day time, I have heard the sunset and sunrise are more beautiful but it was day time but still beautiful. And there were some camp riding on a camel and the river, but we have to wait to take the camel for at least one year. And next time, we want to take the ride of the camels.
.
Yeah, I hope so.
Grand Canyon?
Because we just stayed only two days. enough all the Grand Canyons because it's really huge. There are many good views, sites with sites on more time to stay there, we really enjoy what Grand Canyon is how beautiful it is. we must the whole .
. . actually they were most interested in the But I don't think they want to go there again, but maybe after they're growing up, they more realize how beautiful it is.
Yes.
Yes.
Right.
 .
Today?
 yes. what was it? I thought it was for dinner this morning. What was it? I took it out from the freezer. ? I forgot. . Yes. Today, we are, yes, curry chicken.
Yes.
 yeah, maybe.
. Nice to meet you, too. Thank you very much.
