Good afternoon.
.
 my name is .
Yeah. .
 I'm in the tennis club.
And I was first in the soccer club,
 I quit and I changed to the tennis .
 I did enjoy soccer much,
and I used to play tennis,
but I just decided that I wanted to play again
instead of soccer. .
 I don't know, the way I hit the ball 
 a lot of my stress goes away too,
 it's exciting for me.
 I think you should keep your wits.
And if you make a mistake once, you really get upset
and you should just keep on playing your kind of tennis.
Yeah.
The practice?
 we usually go and then we have to run around the courts
a couple of times.
And then we practice our strokes
first and we rally a little. And then at the end, we play some games.
And it's usually time to quit
 we do that.

Yeah.
One of my friends?
 about what they do?
. one of them has glasses on and has long hair for a boy,
up to like the shoulders.
And has black glasses on.
And he is really a bright guy,
 he just brightens up the atmosphere in the tennis club, I think. .
 I like to go buy clothes with them
 go shopping 
or go watch movies
or go to the game center.
I basically like to talk
with my friends so
it doesn't really matter where I go. .
. many topic like what's going on in the .
We usually don't talk about stuff like that. But usually what's going on in school.
And you know, is there anybody that you like 
something like that. .
 .
Do you know where ?
 , .
.
 it's right near .
 it's like a five-minute bike ride from . And there're just houses there,
not many supermarkets.
.
 going to second year in junior high
now.
And he said that he wants to come , too.
. Maybe because I came here, too.
 and the English level's high.
 I think you can get all kinds of experiences from other people because there're a lot of people from other countries that come here.
And you can talk to them about how their country was to Japan.
It is.
 O K.
O K.
O K. This is the ski ranch. And there're, two, three, six people skiing and one person snowboarding.
And one skier fell down, it seems like. And there're four kids throwing snow balls to each other. And one kid got hit. And two kids are throwing snow balls to each other this second. And there's a snow man built right above them. And there is a jeep parked next to it. There seems like there's a restaurant or resting place where people can rest. And there're some man and a woman and they seem like they're drinking something and talking to each other. And there you can see another mountain in the background. .
 O K.
 I've skied a couple of times.
I really like it but I don't have much of an opportunity to do it because my family doesn't have a car.
 I'd like to, but I haven't.
Yeah.
.
In skiing and ?
 I think skiing, you move a lot more
than tennis.
 distance wise.
. And I think tennis, you need a lot more strength in the arms.
And skiing, you need lot more muscles in your legs.
And you need more balance
 do skiing .

Nagano, Shinshu.
 I was invited by friends to come to his house. And when I went there, it was winter so
we decided that we're just gonna go skiing.
In summer?
 any kind of sport?

 I like any kind of sport.
So if I have the opportunity to do it, I try anything.
And I like swimming, too.
.
 I like team sports better
because when you win,
I think I feel much happier than just the individual
sport because you won all together instead of by yourself. And there're a lot of people to, you know, talk about it. .
 we can.
O K.

. 
O K.
O K.
 just .
.
O K.
 I'm really sorry, but my mother's really sick, I think she got the flu. And I don't think I can go to the party this time.

No. My father's out on sabbatical and my brother is at club and I don't think he's gonna come home today.
 he said that he was just gonna go over to spend the night at his friend's house. .
 I don't know his friend's phone number and he doesn't have a cellular phone. So I don't see if I can reach him at all.
I'm really sorry, but I really don't wanna leave my mother alone. because she looks really sick and I know she needs the company. .
 I don't really know any of the neighbors and I'm not really familiar with them. And I can't trust them. So
I really don't .
 I really can't tell you what to tell them, but to apologize for me and to tell them that I'd really like to come if you have another party.
 but I really can't make this one.
 I'm really sorry.
.
O K.
Yeah.
 avoiding
 breaking ?
 I try not to break a promise at all. And if I have to break a promise, it's really a serious problem.
.
Sometimes it's unavoidable, but I don't think it's good to break a promise because you'll make the other person not trust you as much as they used to. And that breaks their friendship 
trustworthiness. .
When you trust somebody, you need to know the person for sure.
You need to spend a lot of time with them, I think. And to trust a person, I think you should know the family, too.
 only the person, but .
.
O K.
One day last week, a man was driving a car to work. but a man coming towards him on a bike was on his cellular phone with his girlfriend. And he was talking with the girlfriend about what time does she meet tonight. after a while, they bump into each other. And the man dropped his cellular phone and breaks it. The bike driver got really angry at the car driver and told him that he should pay for his bike and the accident was all his fault. And the car driver got really angry and they decided to call the police. And when the police came, the bike driver told the policeman that it was all the car driver's fault. But the car driver told the policeman that the bike driver was on his cellular phone and the accident was the bike driver's fault because he wasn't paying attention to the road at all, and all his attention was going to the phone. The police agreed to the car driver and the bike was towed away.
No, I don't have a license. .
I use my cell phone .
. It's allowed to .
 I think you should always pay attention, paying attention to what's in front of you and around you instead of to your phone.
And you should never use it on the train, .
There's some people that have the pace maker, and it disrupts their pulse.
And it's lethal. And cellular phones are also expensive, too.
 and
your parents pay for it most of the time, I think. 
it's a lot of trouble for them, .
 I sometimes go on the Internet.
But couple of times I went way over the limit that I was supposed to go.
And I just decided that I wasn't gonna use it anymore.
 now I don't use it that often.
Yeah.
.
Today?
Not really. I thought I was gonna go to club, but the interview was .
. It's not your fault.
So I just decided that I wasn't gonna go to today. .
Yeah, but I'm gonna wait for my friend that's
 taking the interview, .
Yeah.
 he has an interview from like four forty, I think.
 gonna wait for him and then go home .
.
Thank you, too.
