My name is .
Sure.
. I'm pretty good. Thank you very much. How are you?
Friday, I go to a school to study English from one to three p.m. So, after finish , I've got to go to school.
Actually I'm learning  English interpretation,
at a special school in .
It's really difficult and hard.
 .
I think, you know, I   need new words each time at class. And I'm a slow learner and  I can't, you know, keep up with every new thing each time. So, it's quite hard.
 I go back to home. And I know I'm supposed to, you know, review and study for next class, but , I do some reading and watch T V and call friends and stuffs like that.
 I live in .
Really, you know, close to here.  two stops. .
Yes. Actually I'm originally from  Prefecture. 
And I moved to , you know, for college and now I've lived here for about eight years now.
 you know, there are so many differences. And when I first got here, I was so, you know, surprised by so many people. And, you know, the big traffic and everything. And, you know, people in  speak   like unique way in speaking Japanese. And it took me sometime to get used to, you know, speak  standard Japanese.
 there were nice and warm weather. And food and my friends and family.
.
O K.   I think this is  in a ski resort. Many people are skiing.  . There's a lift  in the back.  And there's a guy, I don't know, maybe it's a girl, can't tell,  just  slipped. And one person is snowboarding.  And four kids  are playing,  you know,    throwing snow balls. And  there's  snowman, too.  And these people  are really having fun,  looks like it.
.
For the first time,  you know, my first experience of snow   was when I was  twelve.  I traveled to Hokkaido and saw the snow for the first time. And  it was really exciting, you know, .  I' d never seen any snow in my home in . And  it was like dream and  you know,   I had so much fun playing with the snow with my friends. And it's really a nice memory.
 yeah.
It was very difficult.
 Because I'm no athlete.  And,  you know, I just  couldn't start or  if I  got to start then I couldn't stop, so.  Maybe ski is not, you know, my kind of .
Yes.
Hello.
. Yes.   you know, I feel  ago,   I bought this watch  and it seems really nice when I   saw this  at this shop. But after I got home, I thought, you know, this is not the  exact thing I was looking for. So, I was wondering, you know, if I can get  refund or  change to something else.
 You know, I wanted to have a  light watch and have a dark color. But I thought  this is the color I wanted. But maybe because the lighting and everything,  this is the  little bit  different from  the kind of color I wanted to get. So, I was wondering if I can get another color or if you don't have one.  Because, you know,  I just  purchased it a few hours ago and  I haven't, you know, even used it yet. .
 Yes. I .  Customers do things like that    you know, at stores like. 
Why? 
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Then, I'll be waiting for you.
Yes?
  luckily, no. Never.
Yeah. I think, you know,   people need to check  like  the thing they  wanted to get before the purchasing it. And  I don't think it's a good idea to buy a thing  like for the  first sight.  . People need to  think  and rethink if  it is really necessary or  it is really a good buy.
Thank you.
May I begin?
O K. One day last week, at eight o'clock in the morning,  Mr. Suzuki   is on his way to work as usual. And he got to the station. And  it is  really crowded  as the usual morning. And he was standing  next to     two gentlemen. And  the two people were really engaged in  a conversation. And  one guy unintentionally hit Mr. Suzuki. And Mr. Suzuki dropped   his bag  to the  railroad. And Mr. Suzuki claimed to the person. But there was nothing they can do. So,  they were just   standing. And there comes a train. And Mr. Suzuki  went almost crazy, because  he thought it might crash his  bag. Maybe  something  important was in his bag. And after passing the train, the bag was still there. And Mr. Suzuki seemed really relieved. Then came the   personnel of the station. And    picked  Mr. Suzuki's bag. And, again, everything was settled.
Thank you.
   no. I would ask, you know, the personnel at the station,  first thing.
Because it is dangerous to go down  to the  railroad and  because, you know, anytime a train  can come and  you might get killed.
 Yes. It's really a sad thing. And  I   often feel like, you know, it's really dangerous just, you know, to stand on the platform of the station. So, a lot of  safety procedures  needs to be installed  in every station, I think.
 For example, maybe   put   a  wall, so people, even drunk people cannot    go down.    and I also think like   more station personnels need to be at the platforms, make sure  for the safety.
.
This weekend?  Tomorrow I'm going to go to see a movie with a friend of mine. And  maybe we'll go  to eat lunch and  have really nice conversation, .
.
