Yeah.
My name is .
 yeah, I mean I pretend that we're meeting for the first time
.
.
Fine, thanks. How about you?
.
Yeah, personally I prefer wintertime rather than summer.
The only thing I hate is the cold and the flu.
 almost everyone in my office is suffering from the cold.
Yeah.
I hope so.
, I've already finished I mean, how should I say, my cold season last week.
And in October, I had my flu injection
to prevent the flu. .
Yes, I'm very .
 in September, I was transferred to the new department called the English Educational Material Development Department.
And now we are working on the one new project called . stands for .
And it also coincide with the Japanese word, .
 yeah, it's very challenging, you know I would say it's always difficult to construct new curriculum or new English text books.
Or new corresponded course project.
But particularly it's very difficult, almost impossible to design a suitable course of speaking course project
for everyone.
But we have consulted many scholars like the Professor from ,
 in order to make this 
as the new time point for, I don't want to say declining but the 
 to change the course of our company. 
.
I shouldn't use the word .
.
Yeah.

 when I talked to you last time two years ago, I think I said I like to play the clarinet or saxophone.
But because of the having difficulty, you know, I stopped playing the saxophone or clarinet.
Instead, I started picking up playing the blues harmonica.
Yeah.
 about a year and half ago.
You know how is the blues harmonica like?
It's very small. It got only ten holes.
 we use blues harmonica to play blues .
And it's very cheap.
 you can play it anywhere.
So that's what I do for my spare time
 to relieve myself refresh up from life and work.
 in the park.
You can play it anywhere.
 do you know, now I live in , and the in , there are many parks. the name is, how shoud I translate that, the , the park is called.
And in the park, I mean, you can just become yourself in the middle of the night. And the I practice about twenty minutes to thirty minutes everyday before I go home.
But on this Sunday, I'll be moving from to .
Probably I'll go to Park
 harmonicas.
. That's right.
Now it takes more than ninety minutes for me to commute.
But from next week, that will be less than an hour.
Right. Yes.

 I can see some animals and people. They're both females and males. And there some buildings, trees, and a road and car. Park? No, no, no, no. The white car.
Then what else? The sun and the .
 this express, I would say on Sunday
on weekends
 you can see this gentleman. if this happen during the weekdays, probably those two people won't be here.
Because they will be go out to go to work.
I think that is a scene from Sunday morning perhaps because people tend to jog in the morning,
early afternoon. the prett sun is pretty high. And everyone seems to be quite relaxed.
.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah. now, I live in a apartment. And the apartment is quite small. I mean, the whole apartment. There're only about really ten to twelve rooms in the in the whole apartment.
 I would say I think in American English, probably you don't use the term for apartment for this skyscraper-like building.
But in Australia or English, probably people say city apartment, something like that.
There more than I would say, fifty or sixty rooms in the big apartment. But the I would say, the most important thing for me is the security.
 is a very high risk area in terms of crime.
But on the other hand, , is pretty safe, .
 actually the apartment or flat my no, no, no, how do you say the apartment, flat?
What's the proper term for, in Japanese, we use .
But I don't know the equivalent term in American English.
 that is owned by somebody whom I know.
Yeah, that's why I him two hundred, pretty cheap in terms of rent.
 
Yes. in fact, I don't want to criticize your service but the I have to say that
 I applied for the deluxe tour.
And that says I mean every meal is included.
But the surprisingly I wasn't able to have breakfast. and the hotel employee said that breakfast is not included. And the I ended up paying the extra fifty or sixty dollars to the hotel.
 I mean I don't want to use the word, reimbursement,
but I have to have some kind of explanation from you guys.
Yeah.
?
 and I don't have any document.
Because my wife already checked away all the information
but I . The only thing I got is a receipt from the hotel
that says .
 no. But you know, a friend of mine is a lawyer.
In that case, I have to report to him and just legal action towards your company.
I'm really sorry for .
.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes. So in that case, I mean, I have to
 ask your manager to explain all details. And the I can't remember the name of the guy who I applied for the tour.
Yeah.
 I see. When will he be back?
In three days.
. Then in that case, I will have to come back here again.
.
Yeah.
I see.
. Nice talking to you anyway.
 actually I mean, the things I told you is not exactly the same, but almost the same
incident that happened to me many years ago.
.
 at that time, I mean, I applied for not the deluxe, but the reasonable, semi-deluxe ,
I mean, where was that, to Indonesia.
Then I went to Indonesia through the travel agent.
And the in the Japanese brochure that says all the meals were included, but in fact, I had to pay extra money to get the breakfast.
.
But the you know, the hotel employee weren't able to understand English.
And they seem to understand some words but the you know, their main tongue is Indonesian,
Bahasa Indonesia.
 I got some kind of compliment. not meal coupon, but some kind of what should I say, tour ticket and official point.
Yeah.
Yes.
.
Yeah.
. this guy is a gentleman who is working in accounting firm. And every morning at eight o'clock, he goes to Shin-Okubo Station
 to commute to his company. And he looks pretty healthy and pretty strong, but in fact, he is very weak and in terms of his physical fitness. And in the second picture, if his health is of the ordinary person, probably he didn't have dropped his briefcase.
But he's pretty weak so when this guy pushed his arm I mean, he drops his briefcase.
Then he complains to this gentleman in the blue suit. but this guy doesn't admit his fault.
And he doesn't apologize to this gentleman.
Then the train comes and the this guy is very worried because an important document is inside his briefcase.
But fortunately, his briefcase, yeah, stays just as it is. at all.
Then this guy ask the station conductor to pick his briefcase for him. And he gets his briefcase back. And the after that, those two guys are going to talk about, not responsibility but the should I say, just to make themselves calm and the to solve the situation.
.
.
 the only thing is the station is not crowded at all.
 very good time for reading or doing some .
 If possible. I'd rather prefer to commute by train.
Car is O K but the probably in Japan, it's very stressful to drive
to come to your work,
I would say.
Because road is very crowded.
And the I don't want to criticize any Japanese driver, but the manner of Japanese drivers are pretty bad.
Some track drivers like to shout or to scream to drivers 
next to them. .
 if you commute by car, would your company pay for your fuel?
.
Yeah.
. as I told you, this weekend, I'm going to move from to . So I have to help my wife to pick things up and pack everything in the cardboard boxes.
, yeah.
.

