My name is .
Yeah.
I live in in .
No. I'm living by myself.
I just moved into three weeks ago. And I don't like the area because I had to move to .
Yeah. Because I was living with my friend. from she decided to get married. So she said she wants to move out. And I couldn't pay the rent.
So I have to find a new place.
So I moved into . And I thought is much much better than which I lived before because it's more convenient. But I don't like the place because it's too noisy.
And I can not see the during the daytime.
 the air is not so good.
 I study political science.
What about political science? about international relationship. And I study about the you know classic political book like "Plato" or "Aristotle". And also I study about the political scientists such as or I can not remember. the.
. My future plan is I like to study about the E U and also international relationship and the international politics. And I'd like to go to graduate school, too.
And after that, maybe I'd like to do some kind of N G O activity.
Actually I don't have much free time this moment. Because once I graduate from junior college, and I had worked for company for ten years. And then I came back to university again. So I'm working also after school.
 I'm doing small business with my friend.
So maybe if I have free time, I'd like to read the book. But at this moment, I don't have
much free time. .
Yes.
O K. . It seems to be a high school class in suburb of Tokyo. . And a teacher is teaching mathematics. But , maybe most of them are listening to her. And only one boy is listening to her eagerly. But other person are just chatting or drinking something or maybe sending the e-mail to friends or chewing gum. And then this class seems not to be very good class.
 it's quite different from my high school days is quite different from this class.
Because first of all, we had a school uniform. So everybody was wearing the same navy school uniform. And also the teacher was very strict. And our teacher didn't allow us to do some kind of e-mail stuff because first of all, I didn't have mobile phone when high school. and also our teacher didn't allow us to chat with my friend. And we are not allowed to bring any food or drink in a class room at all.
And it's quite different. And also their hair style is very different from us.
O K.
O K.
.
I'm sorry I have some question regarding the tour I joined three days ago.
 . our hotel rooms were not ready at that time? Because when we arrived at the hotel, our tour leader told us that our hotel room were not ready yet. And I have to wait for hours.
So I don't know what kind of agent you are using in Hawaii.
Now but the problem of the hotel we can understand, but I've heard that that hotel person was saying our tour leader that they can not find our names on the you know, reservation list. So I thought there is some kind of mistake between the hotel reservation and the local agent, I think.
And that made us to wait at the hotel for hours. And we lost our time to go to shopping.
So local agent is not so good.
And it's not only this case. . and also in the flier, we could have a very gorgeous dinner, but the content of dinner was not so good.
And the quality of the food was very bad. And we paid a lot of money on this tour, but it's seems like a very very cheap inexpensive tour.
I think frankly speaking, I want you give me some money back.
O K. .
In ten minutes.
O K.
O K.
 Problem?
. Yes. I had a trouble with my the rental car. I rent a car in Australia.
And that the car was not so in a good condition. So when I was driving, the inside of the car, I smell something burn.
 I think like something is burning and so like smoky inside.
So I called the rent a car company, and I asked them to change the car.
Dangerous. 
O K.
. One day last week, go to work. . And I was carrying my briefcase. . And in that brief case, there was important documents. And then when I was standing on the platform, the person next to me hit me with his elbow. And I dropped my briefcase on the railway underneath the platform. And then we argued. I asked him to just take it back. But he said that he doesn't know. And it's not his fault, he said. And then train came. And train just went through over my briefcase. And I felt that my bag is going to be crashed. And then after train passed through briefcase was there as it was. And the then I was relieved. And then I asked the person who was in the platform which is the train company employee, asked him to take my brief case back to me. And the he jumped to the railway and then he took my briefcase back to me.
 very much a lot of things to tell about the attendant because in a station.
Before I have no experience that I talk to them or I asked them to do something. So I can not say anything about them.
 I suppose they are not very kind.
 when I was lost? Maybe I didn't ask the attendants, but I asked just the general people who are standing next to me, . So I didn't ask or just look for something by myself.
. I have to work.
 I don't have any special time. But as soon as I finish the school, I have to go to office.
Very late. Yes.
.
O K. .
