Good morning.
 my name is .
Fine.
O K.
Good.
 very hot.
 no. my office is at the corner of the .
Yeah.
O K. . I originally belong to the aerospace group at . But as right now, I am working for a company . And I belong to the first section of that company. And I'm handling program called ,
 the radar of the . And I import that radar and deliver it to the which is .
 in this company 
my previous days here at was basically handling the year budget for the section, so I didn't go out much, you know, meeting the customers.
 I'm pretty much out going outside, contacting our customers.
Yeah.
Yes, I do.
Entertain. . we do a lot of things. But basically, we go out and have a dinner. And some alcohol will 
help us a lot.
Difficulties.
 basically I usually have fun entertaining them. having some good food, couple of drinks.
 you see a different side of the customer, having dinner and having drinks with them because in a conference room, it's like very strict and you know, everyone's very serious.
 things loosen up and you can see the the private side of customer's face. And yeah, I enjoy it.
.
 I go to the States maybe once every three to four month but I see Americans do that kind of entertainment.
 for dinner, .
So I don't really say that very Japanese style but I think it's very common worldwide.
Yeah.
.
No.
 it's too hot.
 the humidity in Japan is too high. it's very uncomfortable. and I don't do any, what do you call it, those sports in summer.
. I don't go to the ocean. I don't do anything. I just kind of try to stay you know, in a cooler place. But I like winter better because I've been playing ice hockey for about twenty-two years now. and comparing summer with winter, I can definitely say that I like winter more.
 it's the classroom. A woman standing here I think, is a teacher teaching, I think, this is math. there are six students in this picture. actually I think there're seven. one student I can identify a hand. to include that, it would be seven students. to start from the front row to the left, a student is just sitting, looking outside, chewing gum, making a bubble. the one in the middle seen in the front, he is concentrating on the blackboard. very I think he is listening to the teacher. And I think he is learning. The one on the right side, a girl is, this is not a calculator, I think this is what is this, maybe a cell phone. she might be calculating by using her cellular phone or she might be checking her e-mail, but I'm not sure. But I think she is not concentrating. In the second row, in the middle, a student is listening to his, I think, a Walkman. He has an earphone or a headset on. He is drinking a juice, I think. it looks like a tea. And he is closing his eyes. he is not listening to the teacher. the girl sitting far left side in second row, she is talking to a friend who 's sitting behind her, having good time. She has a mirror on the desk. she maybe just polish her nails. And the girl sitting right behind her is just talking to her and just having a good time.
.<
Why do I think they are not listening? I don't know. I think the lecture is boring, it's so by the book maybe. maybe I don't know. I would way this is high school, so I don't think many high school students enjoy math, so I don't know. Maybe just lack of interest.
What would I do? I would ask more questions to the students to get them involved in the classroom. yeah. To draw attention, I would solve some difficult questions to them, make them think. maybe try you know, a pop quiz or something. what do you say, maybe some questions solve the problem. basically just get them involved.
O K.
Yes. I recently came here and I bought this book. And it wasn't actually what I had in mind, and I would like to turn it back, maybe get refund of it. is that possible?
 a policy of your company?
I see. . Would it be possible to give maybe like a fifty-percent refund?
Is that a policy? It that written down ?
It's a written down policy.
O K. . allow to say this, but I would really think that that policy is not a very good one because many people do make mistakes purchasing items. when wondering a shop, they may assume that this item is what they think they are, but when they bring it home and look through it, sometimes people find out that the quality of that item is not what they had in mind. And when they make those mistakes, I think people should have an option .
O K. . .
Yeah.
. All right. instead of a refund, I found this the book that I really did have in mind. And the price is about the same. would it be possible to exchange it?
So may I talk to your manager?
He's in a meeting. can I get an appointment with him?
You don't know.
O K. Then, I'll give you my cell phone number. If you get touch with him, could you please let me know.
O K. thank you.
No.
I didn't.
 I when I go shopping, windowshop I don't windowshop.
 browse around. I go to a store, I try to find that item. If I find it, I'd buy it.
And I don't compare with things, and I just know what I want. And basically I have no problem with that in the past.

 this is me? .
.
. looking at this picture, if I start from number one, a guy is walking to a train station. eight in the bag and the hand carry lands on the rail taking the whole track. in number three, he is talking to the guy next door. number two, he bumped into a gentleman on a platform talking to his, I think maybe, a colleague or something. And I think he is blaming on that guy that his elbow hit him, and that is why his bag fell down to the rail. number four. The train comes. it goes over the bag. But fortunately, since the bag is between the rail, the bag didn't get smashed. and in number five, the guy who dropped the bag was relieved. And number six, I think is this is an officer or maybe a employee of the train company comes and picks up the the bag for this gentleman and gives it to him from below.
How could he have avoided? Maybe just being more careful not to bump into someone or hold onto his bag more firmly.
I do.
 just too many people on the train, get smashed every morning and it's even hard to breathe. Maybe it's very hot outside and sometimes air condition is not very good enough and it's too hot. everyone is sweating. Yeah. The worst case is when you have a very sweating guy standing next to you and his body temperature is very hot and it's very uncomfortable.
.
 bear it. And it takes about thirty minutes to get to my destination. So I just bear it and keep eyes closed and just wait for thirty minutes go by.
 I'll probably increase more trains so that the crowdness would decrease.
Thank you .
 this is Friday. this weekend, actually, I'll have to go to the office. I'm going to the States for this training thing about two weeks. And I have to prepare this document for a meeting which is held next week. .
.
I'm going to Los Angeles.
 but I've heard it's hot over there also. .
Yeah.
Thank you.
