Hello.
 I'm .
.
I'm fine.
How are ?
 no, not really because I quit my club.
 was in cheer but I quit.  So no,  not busy.
I quit because  we practice everyday and I wanted time to study. So
yeah, I quit. 
.
For college.
My favorite subject is English. 
Because it's easier than the other subjects that I take .
.
Yes, ma'am.
 how did I learn?
I lived in the States
for seven years and I just came back a year ago.
  I first went there when I was in third grade, and I lived in  most of the times I was there. But I lived in  for , no, yeah, a year. And 
 when I went there,  I couldn't speak any English. But as time passed by, 
yeah, I was able to learn.  And I was in E S L when I got there.
But before I came here, which is, I was in tenth grade, I was able to be in  classes.
So yeah.  I was .
 no, not really because I was young, I was in third grade so even I couldn't speak English, we just played  and so I have a lot of friends. 
.
I spend my weekend mostly  staying at home and watching T V, doing my homework and when my friend's not busy, I go out to go shopping. 
Stuff like that.
.
 I don't really have a favorite T V program. But I like watching   T V shows that like  artists come and they sing.  like Music Station, I think, that's what they call it. 
Yeah, I like those because I like listening to music.
No, because it's too expensive in Japan. 
 I went to one of them. I went to Britney Spears .
 it was fun.  there were  a lot of people. And I think the concert was two hours.
Yeah. It was fun. I went with my little sister. 
.
 I have a sister who's now fourteen.
And  she lives back in the States with my family. I'm just here with my  real dad. And she lives with   my real mom and my step father.
So right now,  I'm far away from her but
we talk on the phone. So  we keep in contact.
 I would. But I don't have time because  I have school right now.
But  I visited  before I entered the school which is in March? Yeah, I visited them in March. 
  my mom just had a baby  back in February
so I went to go see him, the new baby and my .
 it's winter and people are skiing.     most of people are skiing, but one person is snowboarding. And a guy fell  off his ski.
 on the left, children are throwing snowballs at each other and having fun. And some people made a snow man.
And few people are in a rest house. And I think they're drinking coffee or  something warm. 
 more? 
 there's bunch of trees and there is a mountain and the  sky is blue. .
.
I ski.
  I went skiing on the Rocky Mountains.
And   this skiing place looks kinda small to the one that I went.   but   they're having fun so I guess it's a good skiing place  to go to.  I see all the people skiing here but when I went,   like mostly the people I saw were snowboarding.
So that's one of the difference. 
And  where I went, they didn't have snow fights. If they did, they probably got in trouble because  you're not supposed to do that on the 
 place. Yeah.
So  I didn't see any children playing that.
I  snowboarding but I didn't do . 
I fell and so, no. I 
try for a long time.
.
O K. 
 in Japanese?
 out loud?
. 
O K. 
.
Hello.  I'm sorry I couldn't go to the party.   I wanted to apologize because I have something to do. And although I wanted to go to your party a lot, there was nothing I could do. So if you are having another party any other time, then I would love to go. So please invite me.
 I'm sorry I really wanted to go, but I have something to do. I would love to go to  so please invite me. 
 it was. I didn't know, I'm . But I'm really thankful that you remembered my birthday and I apologize a lot that I couldn't go.
 ?
Then   will you  open another party for me?

Sure.

 another party. 
And I'll come. 
.
But my father got sick.  And I have to take care of him.
Yes.
No, I think you must have seen a wrong person
 my dad was in the bed. 
Yes.
Yes, I did. And he had a high fever so the doctor told him to stay at home.
 .
All right. Thank you.
All right. .

 yes, I like parties. 

 yes, I did.   excuse me.  I had a party and I invited a lot of friends. But when I did that, like some people got in a fight with each other.
 Because   I didn't know but I guess they didn't like each other or something that they started giving each other looks and they just got in the fight and I couldn't do  about it. . 
No, my mom did. 
  my mom did mostly,
but   I helped  a little bit. 
Yes.  most interesting?   I don't know. 
    I went to a Halloween party and  it was my first time going in the States  to a  Halloween party. And  it was fun because we were all wearing costumes and  we ate a lot of food. And the girl that I went  her house,  I think it was a dining room, they made that room into like a dance room.
So it was all dark and they had a light.  and  they had like all different types of music playing. And yeah, it was fun. 

.
 can this person be me?
O K. One day last week, I was walking to the station because I had to go to work. It was eight o'clock and since it was so early in the morning, there were so many people and it was very crowded. . And wait, I was waiting for the train to come and so I was behind a man who was lining up before me.  he was talking to another person and he didn't know that I was behind him. So he lifted his arm quite hard and fast that the luggage that I was holding, it fell off to the  wait,   trail,  man, I forgot what this is called.
 it fell.  I got so angry and start yelling at the man. But the man just said, "I don't know.". And raised his hands.  ten seconds later, the train came and it ran over my or I thought it ran over my luggage. But thank God, it didn't. And it was just lying there like it was before the train got there.  I called the train man and told him what happened. And when I told him, he picked it up for me and  gave me the luggage. Everybody was happy and so was I.


  I will go up  to the man that works at the train station.
And ask him what I should do because I lost something.
Yeah.
 yes, ma'am.
 I once saw two guys fighting on the train. And like a month ago, I lost my pass   school
on the train. And I thought someone stole it, but
I found out that   like it fell on the train.
And so when I when I went to the train station to see if I lost it, they had it. So  I got it back.
 I was very thankful. 
Yes.
  I lived in  so we didn't have trains.
So  most of the time, car was our transportation. And to get to school,    I took the bus. But other friends, like since they're already able to drive, yeah, they drove to school.

 since I don't like the trains, I prefer the one in States. Like I like cars so I prefer cars. But trains are really, they are very  useful.
Because   I didn't have a driver's license so when I lived in the States, if my family was sick, then I couldn't go anywhere. But here, although like your parents are sick, you can just take the train and meet your friends.
So yeah,   I guess if I have to choose, then a car. But  I like the both. 
. 
But  you have to be eighteen,  I think, to drive. And it's expensive here so
I .
O K.
After this interview?  I'm going home. 
 I'm going home and eat dinner. 
And study. 
Thank you.

