My name is . .
Nice to meet you, too.
The summer? when I was young, I love beach. But these days I had a sun tan.
 so in summer, having a beer, that is my favorite, in summer.
Favorite beach? I've lived in before so we called the beach the Seven Beach. The name is in Japanese, so we translate it directly, and we call the . And in summer, we can swim there, but in spring, I went there with my husband to do a or card games there. .
And have some lunch box.
.
About . Yeah. I was born in and I spent almost days in . And have a lot of in the town area. And is called is not so small, and not so big, so it is very easy to find something I want to buy.
. So I love very much.
And there is some colleges and universities. The number of them not so enough but I think the number of them are enough, I think. So we can have enough educations.
 we have a few libraries in so these days, not government local government started to build a lot of libraries.
Tokyo. I like Tokyo because it is easy for us to see some cultural things. there are lot of libraries and museums. And also we can see a lot of plays,
musicals and so on. So in , we could not see so much. So there are very good things for me.
.
No.
 describe. it looks the restaurant and not cheap restaurant, but expensive restaurant, I think. And there are some bottles of wine, so it's a kind of French restaurant or Italian restaurant, something like that. there are three couples in this restaurant. And this restaurant is very big, but I can see just three tables here. So . no. Their conversation or not interrupted by another conversations. there are two guys to serve some food and drinks. and they looks very kind and cheerful. . And all three couples are smiling. So the no, circumstance in this restaurant is very nice, I think. And they can listen the music because there is a piano and pianist. So they also can enjoy to sounds of piano.
Special dinner? I'm not sure I can call that special, but last May, we had fourth memorial day, no, how can I call that? I got married in May four years ago.
So fourth time anniversary for wedding. and other day I had a kind of part time job in . And so my husband me, and we could have nice dinner at the hotel that we had a wedding party.
 Yeah.
As you know, I'm a student now, so I quit my job, too. we could not spend a lot of money for our dinner . .
 .
O K.
I see.
Yeah.
Yes, please. I'd like to go abroad this summer,
 but I'm not sure where is it good for me, so would you give me some advice for my trip?
 especially, these days which is most popular place to go for Japanese people?
?
 have you ever been there?
 but how about your friends or your families?
? see. So how much does it cost?
.
? Eighty thousand yen? I see. And if you have some place that you love very much, and you've ever been there. would you tell me the places please?
. How many times did you go there?
You lived there, . Sounds nice. It doesn't take a lot of times, so no, . ? how long does it take? flight?
Four? Just four hours? And how much does it cost? For example, I can stay just five nights. .
August third. How about August fourth? No?
. So it is very hard for us to make a reservation in August.
August sixth? Can I?
. And how many days can I stay there?
 so I mean, can I make a reservation airplane ticket to return to Japan?
.
I see.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah.
.
Experience. Yeah. The first place I've been was England. England for a week. And in Paris for three days, and in Scotland for about three weeks.
That is one trip.
 I went to Paris, and then moved to England then and to Scotland.
.
 different. in Paris, most persons was there are looks nice.
 Because they fashion and their faces, too. But in London, it was little hard for us to find good looking guy.
 And even in Scotland, there are many people very young,
 around twenty years old. Some girls wear like a how can I say, No. training wear? I mean 
we call in Japanese. And not as fashionable, but just all wear.
So .
 I was surprised .
.
 last week went I went to the department store because the next day of the day is the birthday of my husband. So I decided to get him a tie because since last year, I had not bought any ties for him. and I asked the staff of the department store what kind of tie was popular these days. And he said, "Green ones". So I picked up the green tie for my husband. it costed three thousand yen. it was not so expensive, so it was easy for me to decide it. Then after buying the tie, I found the sign board. It said "final sale" for the shoes. I wanted to buy some, but I could not decide it because I could not find suitable shoe for me. So I gave up to buy my shoes. And then, I walked down the floor for shoes and ties are on the third floor. And I walked down to the second floor, I found another sign it says "fifty percent off". and there were some nice dresses and shirts. So at that day I had enough money to buy some, so I bought some shirt. one is yellow and the other is red. I bought two shirt. And I also found nice dress that is good for party, I thought. So and it was so expensive, but I was found out that I really wanted to have that, so I bought that by credit card. And then we spend there three hours, and I had to go back to my home until five o'clock. So I stopped to see soon, and then I went back to my home.
No. So I said to you before that . and I will have exams,
next week, so I have to go the library
to study.
Thank you, too.
