Yes. My name is .
Nice to meet you, too.
Fine thank you, and you?

Yes. Very busy.
My job? I work for Corporation. you may not know the name of Corporation but it's a trading company. it use many kind of things. Especially, I belong to a Textile Division and the name of section is Import Goods International Division. , it deals with many brands such as , , , , such kind of brands and I make of each brand like if there is a exhibition in Japan, I offer before the exhibition and import the goods. Yes.
Expensive things.
 before I work as a man, I didn't know that such brands are not so expensive as it is sold in store. that is the price we import is as about one fourth the price as it is sold in store so I think it's stupid to buy as a price in store.
 my mind changed.

Not at a store. yes.
. .
Sometimes, yes.
Yes. sometimes on Saturday also.
Weekends. I rest at home until noon and as I belong to a fashion division, I often go to see the store in department store and also around 
where the many fashion store is in.
Hobbies. Yes. I used to belong to a ice hockey club in university, so I sometimes go practice with my university colleague. Yes.
Yes. .
Yes. many people say that there are no places to play ice hockey.
But there are four ice arena
for all season in area, so we can play ice hockey in all year around.
.

Yes.
 no, a snow mountain and it shows people enjoying skiing and enjoying skiing. And on top of the picture, man is enjoying snowboarding. And there are lifts with no person, and on the bottom of the picture, the instructor is calling the students to come down but one student are fell down and he looks in trouble. boys are playing snow fights. they look enjoying throwing snowball. Also in the lodge, a man and woman are they seem resting in a cabin. .
Why? when I was a little, I used to live in and then the place was . Do you know ?

 cold place. And so as I went to elementary school out there, the pond become icery.
. It freeze. So as other my friend I played ice hockey there. But I did not play ice hockey when I was in junior high or high school, but I started to play ice hockey again in university.
Yes. In Japan.
 When I was playing ice hockey in , it was very little, the playing.
There were no checks. You know checks? The ? Body check? there were no body check in those ages, but in the university age, there are many , physical checks in a play so it's a most difference. But it's maybe difference in the age. Yes.
Of course. 
.
Is this situation should be on the phone?
So I call.
 hello? manager of my house? .
Yes .
This is speaking.
, hello. when I got back to my house, the window was broken.
Yes, and I'd like to repair as soon as possible because it's snowing outside.
Could you call somebody to come to my house?
Tomorrow? How can I sleep tonight if the window is broken so I cannot sleep since the room is so cold.
Blanket? maybe I'll repair by tape.
But is it sure that tomorrow morning the somebody will come to repair the window?
Are you sure? 
.
. since tomorrow is a Monday, I leave for work so I'll tell my wife
to wait until the repair man come. Is that O K?
Could you tell them that please come to my house by noon?
Yes.
O K. Thank you.
 good night. Thank you very much.
 when I was a little.
? How? when I was in , I was about the age of four or five or six or about the little age, so most of memories has gone. 
Like my English skills have become low. 
.
Thank you. ?
. When. . I don't know. even now I don't remember. 

Now?
Now I live in a dormitory in .
Not at .
.
Enjoying .
 yes.
.
One day last week, a man was driving a car beside the and at the other side, other man was riding a motorcycle talking with with his girlfriend and he was concentrating with talking with his girlfriend. but he hit the motorcycle when he was going through him and the car hit motorcycle and the man riding motorcycle dropped his handy phone on the road and the problem become. And the man with motorcycle is arguing that the handy phone had broken, that is that he was not watching have another new handy phone and also, the motorcycle was also broken and the man with motorcycle could not ride motorcycle on that day. So he called towing car and the towing car came and the towing car took his motorcycle to a repair shop and he saw off.

Mobile phone has changed.

. Yes I have. many people have become when I have a appointment with you, noon, and I have a work, but I think that if I call you before noon, it would be O K not to go not to meet at noon, but before we had a mobile phone, we could not have a contact once we promised on the time so people became very rude, maybe. appointment will be changed easily. So I think sometimes it's very useful but sometimes not so good.
Yes.
.
.
 not in near future.
.
Yes, I'm interested in China.
I mean, Asia.
Yes. I have never been to Asia since I visited Asia as a graduating trip but I did not know that Asia was such a fun place. I had visited only Europe and United States, so it's very different. And it's very interesting and I like to visit China because I've not visited China before. I've visited Thailand when as a graduating trip so I'd like to visit China.
Of course not.
.
.
