My name is .
Nice to meet you.
. Same as usual.

Yes.
 I'm responsible for  translating  manuals and screens  sort of kind of stuff.
 let's see .  More than eight years.
Yeah.
In this company.  no, in this company, I just joined  since  June first.
Right.

 that's  " Software". It was  located in  ,   , and I was there and you know, a company merge happened and we were acquired. 
 I live in  , .
. Let's see, I've never counted.   I guess fifteen  years. 
No, I'm alone.
 Prefecture.
    we had a great deal of snow in the wintertime and  I enjoy the snow but   I was not good at skiing or skating or anything like that .
   I love  the scene, you know, black and white, it's so romantic.

 too much snow, we have to  take off the  snow from the roof.  it's kind of so trouble you know,  you have to do it perhaps three times  or four times    in a season.  you have to pay, if you ask somebody else, a lot of money, so  it's not a good point to live there 
Over there?
In ?  you know, I'm not so young so perhaps I just  relax at home  and do  tiny stuff at home like  cleaning  washing  clothes you know, that kind, just plain thing. 
 I don't know  to whom she is  talking or looking you know or, I can't tell her eyeline, yes, or . But  I think   she is kind of in a certain level of   a civilized or educated  background. Because she is having you know,    electric or electronic appliances around her. And also she loves  pets  but I wonder if she  has some difficulties in hearing. Maybe this is kind of   dog. Because you know,  here in Japan, we do not  have a dog inside of the room. . Usually we keep dogs  out of the house you know  so this is kind of  one thing I'm  concerned .   I don't know  anything else,  you would like to hear?
Yeah. Yeah.  I think  he is just prepared for her helping   when somebody visits her or need boiling some water or you know,  then   he will   tell her that something is happening. 
Yes.
. It's easy to re-writing,  very handy. And   easier to calculate  and  nowadays it's very convenient to know something around the world,  by using Internet or e-mail, that kind. So computer is so very   good thing. 
. .
It's hard.
Because I do not do this 
O K.
Yes,  . O K.  I bought this handkerchief yesterday and   I thought  this was so rather bigger than I  no,  that's what  I imagined, but this was so smaller, so I'd like to  exchange this one,  the bigger, wider, instead of this one.
. Because I love this pattern. You know, I love this color.  That's why I bought this.
But  I prefer to have a bigger one, bigger size.
Policy?
Yes, but  I didn't use this one yet and  I think   you know, cooling-off for that kind,  I can  return this to you. And   you can give me  the one I want or maybe  you can     or pay me?
Yes. But I don't like the size. 
Please. 
Yes.
Thank you.
.
. At first, a quality, and  a color, pattern,  and the size.
 .  I want to have  some  natural stuff    I mean pure silk,  or  linen?
I don't like  artificial   textile.
?
.   it's kind of you know,   fancy and    perhaps I'm  a little bit rich and  so  I'm happy to have this you know, pure silk handkerchief and you know,  I'm proud of myself, "I can buy this" 
.  suppose this is me.
And  this is my  uncle.
And we haven't met  for a while and    one day he called me that "Hey,  this  no, O K, this Saturday,  I'm free. Why don't we have a get-together and have  a dinner?".  so, I agreed and he took me to the very good restaurant and  he said , "I made a reservation for two  is it O K?". And     he took us to the place where we reserved. And here,  my  uncle said  "  you can have anything you want. . Today is a special day since you know,  we haven't met so long.". So I ordered  the   most expensive one.  And the waitress took the order, then she carried . So we enjoyed the very good, pretty dinner. I love  beer   and   I also talk some of  happenings or  things happened while  no,  he was away. . Then at the register, he's going to pay and I'm full. And here  "Thank you, uncle, I had a good time and  maybe you could call me  some  other time.".   and  the uncle said, "Bye bye, have a good time" or something like that.
 you mean actual?
 
. I usually don't  at a restaurant because  I prefer to have a meal at home.
So  I don't know 
 nothing special because  I'm from a poor family . We did not go out for  a dinner  yeah,  I just remember that  when I was  little, my father took us to the  restaurant that was a  I suppose that's  eel. ? . And  I didn't like it because that was so  oily.
And greasy.
Yeah, but that was my first time to  .
 Let's see.    I think that was time when I  came here    for the  entrance of university, I guess.
Because  I tell you the truth, I wasn't  so little but .  anyway I was  a high teen 
O K.

. Nothing special but I have to prepare something for  one of my nieces,  she's getting married,  in July so  I'm going to get something for her.
 . No, 'cause  of course  we talked each other that   what do you like to have or you know, so perhaps  tonight, or tomorrow, I talk to her and then decide. 
Thank you very much.
