 my name is .
Of course.
Nice to meet you, too.
I'm fine, thanks. How are you?
I'm from .
 lived I live there.
It's just an apartment. it's tiny.
But it's fine for now.
 it's O K. like a business like a business part of a town, so it's kind of boring. But if I go to the other section,
then there are like lots of bookstores and other stores.
But for fun, I usually go to a some place else.
 I go to my friend's house, I go to see movies, play pool, like, you know, Shibuya or Shinjuku, you know, one of those places.
Pretty much.
 I got to know her when I was in the United States. And she came back to Japan about five years ago. Then we kind of you know, kept in touch in a E-mail and stuff like that. And after I came back to Japan last May, then we just started to just hang out.
Yeah, .
I lived in .
 all in the places, forests and hiking
courses. I live in a city called . It's capital of . It's kind of a O K, not too big.
Actually , I think, is kind of well-known even to Japanese people. And it's kind of probably like half the size of .
I started teaching jobs and right now, I'm registered at a couple of different agency to send out lecturers.
And I teach Japanese and English on different places.
Yeah.
 I would say it's kind of both you know, in a different way.
 as far as I can think of, there we speak that way I guess teaching Japanese is more instinctive
than English. However I lived in United States about ten years, so it's almost equally it's instinctive.
O K. this is winter. a lot of people are enjoying probably winter vacation on this mountain. let's see. There's a couple people skiing and snowboarding. One guy just fell. looks like there is this like a private ski school with two students and two instructors, I guess. by the way, this woman is passing by at the fallen guy and guess taking a look. there's a ski lodge and there, two people are having cup of coffee or tea or something like that. In far way, there's a I don't know what it's called actually, some vehicle to go through a snowy weather. And there's a snowman . And there are four kids what's that, snow fighting or something. I forgot what it's exactly called. And on the right top corner, there's a mountain. It's somehow purple. It's not covered with snow. Let's see. .
 yeah, probably three, four times, I guess.
Yeah, I think it's very popular. but nowadays, I think, snowboarding if getting more popular.
But I never tried it, so I'm not sure how fun it would be like.
.
Best point ?
 getting away from the city life for a while and it's kind of a, you know, getting in touch with nature or something. And also it usually involves with some physical activities, so it's good for both mind and body, I guess.
And enjoy the scenery, .
 it can be very busy and stressful and if you live in a city and work there, then you need to take a break now and then. So that's what I meant what's to get away from city life.
O K.
 my name is . I participated in the travel tour you advertised but it's different than my experience or what I did was different from the way you advertised.
So I like to get some explanation about it. And also I would like to get some compensation for the differences.
 for example, hotel accommodations are supposed to be graded A but we just ended up by in this shabby motel.
No running water, shower, anything. And no service available so it's seemingly it couldn't have cost more than one tenth of what you charged.
 I did. But they just insisted that that's the place your company has ordered. So they just kept saying there was nothing they can do about it. All we can do is just call the company.
So we couldn't do anything about it. 
 maybe gave it up or they didn't think it wasn't a big deal which is strange to me. But it was a big deal. So that's why I'm calling.
 that the one thing you can do is, I can ask for the of co how much it'd cost to stay in that motel. Then compare to the price you charged us,
then I would like a difference between the two.
Yes. And in that case, could I have your name and a number just in case?
And maybe if it takes longer than I think then maybe I could call back.
Thank you very much.
 I look forward to your reply.
Thank you for your time.
.
 Actually when I was in the United States, I didn't do much traveling. So just maybe three, four times. And I just did it either on my own or with some of my friends.
So I didn't use any travel agency for the like accommodations.

 it was just a pure coincidence, more like. first I wasn't going to go to college, I was just going to go to the a English language study center just for the summer and maybe more if anything happens. Then I was just looking through the some guidebook for studying abroad in the United States. I was thinking about going to the or . Then I just found two places, one in , one in . Then actually I went to when I was in high school, eleventh grade. So I just thought I try . And with a little research, in that kind of circumstance, I'm like jump-before-I-look kinda person. So just did.
.
O K. one day last week, this boy was walking down the street with his girlfriend. And it was raining. they are just having fun, talking on the way back from shopping. Then what they didn't realize was that there was this small box just by where they're walking past. . Then the boy thought he heard something. And his girlfriend was like, " what are you doing?". And he said, " I think I heard something.". Then they discovered that the sound came from the box they were just about to pass by. And they decided to see what's inside. the girl opened the box and found a kitty inside that brought a smile to her face. And she picked her up. the kitty was so cute that she wanted to keep her. So she ask him " can I take this cat? she's gonna be so cute.". . But first the boy didn't like the idea, so he said, "No.". But the girl didn't give up. So she just kept asking, "Please, please, please can I have her? Can I have her?". So even though he didn't exactly like the idea at the beginning, he finally gave up. So he told her that " O K. you can keep the cat.". that made her very happy. She picked her up and put her under the coat. And after that, they and the cat are going home very happily in the rain.
.
Yeah, actually I do 
 yeah, after this session.
I'm going to .
Actually, this is a private lesson.
So I'm going to go to this guy's place in . Like he and his wife living in this place called . It's like I have no idea how much they are.
But it sure looks like quite a expensive 
to live.
O K.
You're welcome. And I enjoyed the conversation. I hope I as as I thought.
