Yes.  my name is .
Sure, call me .
Pretty good.
And you?
No,   no, I'm junior. Sorry.
Junior.
Of course.
Yes.
Yes. I used to  belong to dance circle.
. I danced in that circle.
Club.  we usually dance at  school festival usually. And sometimes we have dance party which is held like a club house or some place like clubs. And I usually dance on the school festival.
Dancing.
It has  a lot of kinds of dance. And  my favorite one is locking dance. And it's like  you can see the dance like   Johnny's Junior   O K, and  hip-hop dance.
Like  black people do.
Or  breaking dance   yep.
. I was not really interested in dancing but  when I was in  first year, this university, and my friend told me that we should get into  some circle.
And he said he liked to  dance with me. Then I didn't have  anything preferred that I should do, so I just followed him.
Yes, .
I cook. I cook at . .
 is that the place you just drink alcohol and have some  supper. And     it's like a  restaurant. And we have an iron pan and we cook in front of the customers so that the people can  see  how we cook and it's like  entertainment.  sometimes    we make a   fire.
And just like  interesting .
Performance, .
    I found that place, it's like  near my station, which is  Station. And I saw   the flier for like  appliers. And   I saw that's interesting because I wanted to cook. And I just called the number and get into it.
. This is  snow mountain. This is skiing place. And  there are a lot of people skiing. Somebody is falling down and  somebody is playing with   snow throwing. Someone throw the snowball and someone got hit.
And   some people  are taking rest with  cup of coffee. And there is a snowman  in front of  the building that's for rest. And I see  some kids playing around and somebody is snowboarding. Looks very good. And  yeah, that's about it.
Yes. I'm from . So for me, it's not rare to ski every winter. And some schools has the ski class for P E class.
So  for me, I took skating class. And  my parents  always took me to the ski place. And that was  one of my hobbies.
I started snowboarding  last winter with my friends but I prefer skiing.
 because maybe  I just don't know  how interesting or how exciting snowboard is because I just started  since just last year. So  I just like the old way. Like  the way  I know much.
 advice. First thing that you should do with skiing is  you should not be afraid of falling down or make mistakes. And you just enjoy.    how can I explain it,  just don't be afraid.
And you have to have fun
with skiing because it's not work. And     how can I say, you just set your  ski boards like this way,
so that you don't get so much speed.
 just start from this,
and making turns with  somebody's advice.
Right.
O K.
Yes, please.   yesterday, I  I came here and bought  a coat. But the coat has some holes at  the shoulder part and I didn't notice that there was the hole  in this coat yesterday. And like when I came back, I noticed that there was a hole. So  I'd like to change this coat to new one
like if possible.
Policy. Against policy. This has hole.
 before yesterday. I came here yesterday.
So maybe between the day before yesterday and yesterday, be some bad customer,
they tried this coat and maybe  stuck in some place and this got hole.
I really like this coat because this design is my favorite.
And I like this color.
And I like your shop. I always  come here and always buy something.
Fix it?
Fix it. Does it cost any?
 you know,   I even didn't put on this coat.
 really brand-new.
And I'd like to change.
 or can you please  order   another
.
  it's O K. It doesn't matter. I'll just wait. Yeah.
Sure. Please. Thank you very much.
 yes. But I usually go to  used clothes store,
which is  the clothes that someone already had and sold  that clothes. So of course it has holes and some paint or  maybe some soy sauce. . But I know that  this clothes is that's something that the other people already wore or had. So I accept those holes and
some paint.
So if I go to a brand-new store  which is like very expensive clothes,   I would do the same thing that I did.
Yeah.
Yes. Sometimes, of course, saving money, sometimes it looks better than brand-new one.
. 
.
. The last week,
I was walking with my girlfriend. And it was rainy. And      when we were going to  my apartment, I heard something and something really cute. And I listened carefully. And my girlfriend found the box and the box had a cat in it. And   I said I cannot accept and  keep  any animals in  my apartment. But   my girlfriend said  "Please.  I really like cats and please, let's keep  this cat together.". And  we had  a little argument, but  I really love my girlfriend. So   whatever she says, I accept.
 This time also  she said she  wanted to keep cat. And I said, "It's O K. Let's keep this cat.". And  we just left. And   we decided that we were gonna have the cat as a pet.
Yes. I  used to have birds in my home.
So not . My home in .
 I don't like people who just   give up something that because someone cannot take responsibility. But once you take some responsibilities, finishing the responsibility or   finishing his task or her task is necessary.
And if I see some guy leaves the cats,   I don't like that. So I just probably tell him and not to do that.
And think about again.
 Yes. I really liked the bird
but 
  hated the bird because of the looks. I don't know why she didn't like that bird.  so  she's decided to  give the bird to our cousin.
So I did not finish my responsibility,  depends on her. So
.
Sure.
This test?
 I have a drinking party with my friends.
 because I'm over twenty.
So  I can drink. And probably  I do some homework and be prepared for Christmas.
You're welcome. Thank you very much.
