Hi.
.
My name is .
.
I live in  right now.
 because    my parents used to live in 
until last year, but they came back so I   I had to live with them.
. Before that, I was living in 
which is really closer to the school.
 I go to 
 but since they came back,  it takes about     yeah, about one hour to get here.
.  with my sister.
.
 my sister goes to .
And I have two sisters. And one of them goes to 
and the other one lives in  right now.
She is working at  some sort of newspaper company.
 yes.  actually  last  January, I went to  to visit my sister and my other friends.
  that's the last time I met her. But she is coming back on next January.
So I get to see her  soon.
  she is just visiting  the family   and she took the break for about three weeks.
 she has time to come back.
And she said she wanted to go to Japan because she hasn't been here for a while.
 and her boyfriend is coming with her.
So I'm gonna have to take them around or show them around 
or any place that's  interesting.
.
.
 yes.   she lives in  right now,
which is pretty close to the World Trade Center.
But    I called her to  see she is O K.
And when she  got the phone, she was sleeping. <SC>So
  so  I was the first one to tell her what happened,
since she was sleeping.
 but,  yes, she was O K.
.
  actually, I was sleeping, too.   ,  I think it was around ten or  eleven.
 I was taking a  sort of like a nap.
And my mom woke me up to let me know the  tragedy.
So  the first,  I tried to call her    I don't remember the exact time but at that time, but the phone was busy. I guess
everyone in Japan was  calling their relatives or
any friends. So I got a little nervous.   but     the phone line was O K the beginning was really nervous  for me.
.
 the place is at   a ski mountain. And  the kids are playing   snowball.  I don't know how to call it, but   in Japanese it's called .  and    some people are just doing ski and others are doing snowboarding.
And one of the skier is falling.    the guy with a   jersey,  I'm not sure but maybe he is a coach for these. Maybe it's a  ski lesson.   yeah,    there is a snowball    right by the     it's a ski house, I guess.
Yes.  I'm not sure.
 not really.
.
Summer sports?    I play basketball and soccer which is   all-season sports, so.
 but I play basketball during summer almost every day.
.
Basketball?
 I used to live in  
   I left for  when I was twelve.  when I used to live in Japan, I was playing soccer, and not much of basketball.
But when I got to ,  because  is such a big basketball country,
  it was a natural thing for me to get  used to basketball stuff.
And  I guess I was pretty good at basketball,  not the best player 
 the first year, I made a basketball trial.
And I was on the team and we won the district championship.
.   one of my team mate now plays in university of .
And he is pretty popular.  he might go N B A .
But anyways,   just         my  best friend in  used to ask me to play basketball  at his house.
And that's how I got make a lot of friends  through the basketball stuff. 
  it was a natural thing for me to
play basketball.
.
Hi.   I forgot your name. .
. Hi, .  I'm really sorry to tell you this, but  I can't go to your dinner party tonight because  I'm feeling really  bad right now.
.   I caught a cold from my friend  someone else. And I have to   stay at home and get sleep.
  I didn't know that. . 
     I really appreciate your   kindness. But  today is just  not a good day for me to go to a party. And it's really a bad cold.
   but I don't think I could make it to your house.  I can't even walk or stand up.
.

.
.
But    I don't feel like to   go out and   surrounded by a lot of people. So I guess I'll stay home. I'm really sorry to tell you this. But  I hope you invite me for the next party.

  when I get well,  you can. But
 let you know later.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
. I like parties.
  I don't really know about parties in Japan
because I only know  parties like  drinking party.
 so compare the drinking party in Japan and , the biggest difference is   I guess in ,      we usually do a party at home.
And for example, at my friend's house and he buys a lot of beer  for us and we pay a little bit to him. But in Japan, I found out that   most of the time we go to  a drinking place such as  or
a bar.
So when I was in , we didn't   go to any place to drink. We usually did parties at home.
And   I think the reason is that   in , they check I D.
 and in Japan, they claim that they do but it's a little bit easier on us.  they don't check the  I D. .
So I guess that's one of the reason.
.   .
.
 one day last week,  the couple   were walking down the street. And the guy  heard something. And they found a cat in the box. And the box is  green, orange,  navy color. But anyways,    the girl  took out the cat out of the box and ask the boy  if they can or if she can take the cat home. And the boy said, "No". But  she put the  cat to her coat,  begged him to  take the cat home. So  the boy first refused but   they decided to take the cat home. And  I forgot to say it's the raining day.

 I have a dog.
It's a beagle,
same as Snoopy. 
 yes. We bought the dog five years ago.
And   in the beginning is really hard for us because we have to   teach the dog a lot of things such as  the bathroom stuff or       taking a dog for a walk.
  but now,  we taught him a lot of lessons.
 I guess he learned that. So it's a really fun  to .
.
  yeah, I've seen a  robot dog in the news.
  for me,     I wouldn't buy those stuff because  it's sort of like  getting away from the  reality.
That's how I feel. .
But  for some people, they might feel  or they might talk to the robot dog like a real dog.
 so  I think it depends on each of us    to  treat the  robot dog.  but for me, I wouldn't buy it. 
.
 yes.  me and my friends are going to  actually snowboarding.
 I didn't wanna go but   just to fix the number of people,
 I have to go with them.   and my sister's coming back
 I said
next January so
yes, and I have to find a job first to work during the winter  holidays.
But I haven't found one right now, so
I gotta keep looking at   one of those magazines.
.
 I'm not sure. I haven't tried it.
 Thank you.
