My name is . Nice to meet you.
Yes, I do. I live with my mother, and father and my sister.
My sister also comes to this university, and she likes English and movie, and  her major is English literature, and we come to school together.
Yes, sometimes. .
 it's a little difficult situation, but I can get some advise from her about my major and my studying, and so
  convenient 
it's comfortable. .
Yes.
. Sometime, we did, and still now, 
little fight sometimes.
 just a little thing about  I don't know, but  very trivial things.
 I go shopping, I go to see movies and read books, and I play the piano.
  it's long and since my childhood, since I was four, yeah four.

I hope so, but so-so, .
No, actually, I don't.
Violin.
 because it's cool,   I learned a piano from my piano teacher, and her husband was a violinist, 
 our concert was mixed with her  husband's students,  so that's why I got a little interested in it.
 I listen to music, and I see movies.
I like old stories, and like, for example, I liked a  "Shakespeare in love," 
"Elizabeth," or yeah, something like that.
No, 
 I major in Sociology.
.
 I don't know. 
I like just the atmosphere, 
 I like history stories, and yeah, costumes are great, and yeah.
No.
O K. Can I start?
After the lunch, Steve  came  to buy a  wrist watch   in the  store of the machines.   and   he couldn't choose one by himself, so he asked the sales clerk to suggest something,   and actually, in that store, they didn't have many wrist watches, so Steve wonders if he should    buy one among them or not.  but, he listened to the sale's  clerk's suggestion,   and he decided the red one, and he went back home.
   the sales clerk  explained about the function of the each wrist watches,  and   the each explanation   was alike so he just choose the red one by the color.
O K.  Excuse me.
 I was back just now, and in my apartment,  the window was broken. So, I want to fix it.
Yes. .
I don't know, just I found it.         when I go out today, it was not broken, 
  after I went back, it's just broken, so I don't know. I have no idea what happened. So, ?
 yeah, but  I want it fixed earlier, so  I want to fix it today. .
 so,  can I  get the repairman by myself?
   which company do you suggest for the ?
Yes, so, I will do it. I will call them, and after that, I will tell you about it.
Yes.
 first,   I tell somebody in my family, and if there are none of them in the house at the time, I will   call my father .
 .
 start?
One day last week, John went to the office in the morning. And,  on the platform,  he dropped his  bag on the  rail because   he run into a middle aged man.  and they quarreled  because   the middle aged   man was a little careless,  John thought.  so they started  calling the   hired man in the railway company. And after that,   he  brought the bag up of the platform. And, John got the bag, so after that, John  went   on the train. And  finally, he safely went to the office.
I think it's   both of them's fault because it was crowded on the platform,  so  we can't care other people so much, so it's both of them's fault, .
No, actually, I don't, but everyday    I use the train, and it's so crowded, 
it's just disgusting .
.
I think,  we should fix the time.  Each company and each school set the different times      for the morning and the evening,  I mean, the most crowded time. So, if we can fix  a lot of different times, it can be better.
Yes. .
.   at   first, I mean, in April, I didn't get used to it, so I couldn't do anything in the train. I couldn't concentrated on  reading magazines, reading books or anything.  but, after getting used to it, I can read books and listening to music, and yeah, just thinking. It's  .
.
 yes, I have  one class after this interview, and after that, I will go just shopping in a hometown.
My hometown, now, is .
Yes, sometimes I do, because   I use bus from the  station, then I sometimes have to wait for the bus, and during the waiting time, I go shopping.
One hour and half.
.
Yeah.
.
