My name is .
Nice to meet you, too.
 I have a headache today.
I think so.
 I have medicine.
 I beg your pardon?
 I had a lunch at a restaurant with my friend.
     basically the restaurant is Japanese style, but the menu is  little bit Western style.
 so so.
  today I had a headache, and   I couldn't enjoy lunch.
That's why  I don't like there.
 I love to ski.
Yeah.
O K.    last weekend I went to Kusatsu.
Kusatsu is very  famous with hot springs.
But   last time, I had exam at the ski school. .  . 
   skiing technical test.  the sponsor is   Ski Association of Japan.
And      I want to check my level, so I tried test, but  the test was  bad for me.
Not license, just  checking level.
 O K  first time I tried ski  when I was high school but   I don't have much money and much time.   I couldn't enjoy ski long time, but   I think two or three years ago, I started to ski  again and   I try to improve my skill .
.
 O K.  in this room, there is a  lady, dog and cat.   the room's door is open.   the cat is sleeping on the bed, and    dog is sleeping on floor.  I think the lady is looking at  her pets, cat and dog.    there is a desk on window side. And  there is a computer and a typewriter on the desk.  . 
  I see.   O K,  there is  one big difference. That is there isn't any pet in my room.
 because  I am living in an apartment. And,      on the contract I can't feed  any pets
in the apartment.
 .
Yes.
And          I don't have audio set  in my room. And    there isn't clock in my room.
I always check the time  my handy phone.
 I don't have time to  get clock.
O K.
   I have plan to go  oversea, but   I didn't decide to  where   I will go.
               could you give me a information about  very popular place? 
 I want to enjoy skiing.
 Europe, for example, Switzerland?
  I think Switzerland is too far .
That sounds good.
  .
, if possible, I want to go Whistler.
Because Whistler is west side of Canada, and    I think it takes about ten hour from Narita to, I think, Vancouver.
.
.
Yes.
  abroad?
Anywhere.    recently   I haven't gone to abroad because   I went to ski so many time. So,   O K,  I give you  the most favorite skiing place.
O K. I love to Happoone.
.       sorry,   the Happoone ski area is very  good place to me because   I went to there only  twice. But   I  like there because 
O K,    there is   a lot of very hard slope in the area. And I can't skiing well, but I want to try the  very hard slopes.
Yes. If possible.

O K.
O K.
  Last week, my mother went to  department store to buy  my father's birthday present. And      she bought tie for my father.  And she asked  store staff to wrap it up.  After   she bought     the birthday present,       she found a bargain sale of shoes.  The discount rate  was  thirty percent.         after passing   shoes  selling place,  she found   bargain of clothes.    and she bought   clothes for herself.      before  she came to the department store, she decided to buy only her husband's  birthday present, but she bought  many items. .
O K.     when I go   to choose present for my friend,  I imagine her or himself.
And,      if I give a present  to my good friend,    I take a time to choose present. But           if the gift  is for kind of acquaintance,  flower or handkerchief.
.
  I always finish  work at five thirty.
Yes.
 yes, especially winter time.
No, because I have to save my money except ski.
 until   I can enjoy  skiing,  I think, mid of April.
  yes.
 one and  very interesting plan in March.  I have plan to enjoy ski with   handicapped people
  who has handicap with their eyes.
And   I will support them.
Yes.
.
