My name is .
Yes. .
I'm very fine. .
 I work on   temporary basis. I work as a  coordinator for overseas participants. And  my job just finished last week. So, I have free time today.
I live in .
  it's on the   line. It's about ten minutes away from the station.  I live in an  apartment.
 no. I live alone.
  first of all,  the best thing  to live alone is that nobody  criticize me even if  I don't clean up  completely. And also, on weekends,    I can be in the bed as long as I want. I think that's the best thing  living alone.
I like traveling very much. And I usually  prefer  traveling alone   as a backpacker. It's a  cheap traveling, but  in that way, I can have  more chances to talk with local people.
 yes.  very much.
 for instance,  when I went to  Spain a few years ago,  I didn't know that the local people  don't speak English a lot. And I don't speak Spanish a lot. Only  I learned a few sentences before I left here. So,   very often, I had  difficulty  with communicating the local people, especially when I have to  take transportation. .   international airport is O K, but if I go to the local  bus terminal station  not many people understand English. So, it took me more time to get a ticket and to go to  right  platform. So, every time  I had to move, it took more time.
 not at all.  I think Spanish food is very   suitable to Japanese people. I found it very similar to  Japanese food, because they eat a lot of  seafood. And  Spanish food is also very popular here, so I was very familiar with that.
  I should describe this? O K.   it's a sunny day. And   people in this town are having very happy time.  there's one house on the street. And      a car is parking in front of the  big house. And there are two women  chatting each other. One of them    walks a dog. And a man wearing   wet suit is jogging in front of the house. And there are two dogs facing each other on the lawn just in front of the house, and they seem to be owned by the owner of this house.  a small girl is playing  in front of the big window   who seems to  be a daughter of this  family. And there are two other boys playing with a ball,  seemingly playing   volleyball.  they seems to be elementary school students. Across the street,  there is a   big white house. In front of the house, a middle-aged man  wearing glasses is reading a paper on the bench.
 Yes, I like it.
 paper?       I've been watching T V and newspaper intensively these days, but    I found the  same kind of news.  one is related to the  sunken  submarine off the Hawaii, and  another one is related to   Prime Minister  who is involved in    K S D  issue and some other  tragic issues and I can not find very  favorable news  especially these days. 
O K.
O K.
Yes.  I missed my train. And  I had a reservation  seat  in the train. So,  I'd like you to refund  my ticket.
   yesterday,  there was heavy snow in Tokyo. So,  the subway I had to take  was greatly delayed and  although    I went to the station at the right time, but  the subway train   didn't start  for half an hour. So,   that made me    delay.   that's why  I couldn't   get to station  at the right time. This is how  I missed the train.
 .
Yes.  yesterday,    there were a lot of information about the transportation. But  this morning, it was a very sunny day. So,     I didn't  listen to the T V or in radio.  because around my house  which is located in central Tokyo, there's no snow anymore. So,  I thought   I would have no troubles   taking the subway.

thank you very much.
.
    I didn't  miss any train so far, but   I almost miss my plane because of the heavy snow. So,    it reminds me of  the situation I had before.
 I was very    nervous   because  I was on a jobs, and  I had to take the plane and    highways was closed  because of a heavy snow. And the driver of the bus  had no choice but to take the ordinary road, but there was no information on the   road besides that road. So,  not only me but  all members  of my group was all anxious.
O K.
 one day last week,  I and my friend  were preparing for  camping. And we provided  many camping equipment and staffing  our car  with those equipment. And we  headed for  mountain  site.  we set up our  tent. And we started  cooking  using   camping cooker. But soon after that,  the weather became bad and it started raining.  And we thought that   it would stop soon. But on the other hand, it continued to  get worse. And even the wind became very     strong. And    it blew away almost   everything of our  camping equipment. And our tent was totally destroyed.  we abandoned those equipment and rushed into our car. And  soon after that,  the thunderstorm  started.   we had no choice but to find  hotel.  a few minutes after we drove, we find a nice hotel  named  Hotel Cosmos.   by that time, the weather  became even worse. But luckily,   we could get a nice room  with a beautiful scenery. Because  we got drenched in the heavy rain, we took a shower and had a  relaxing time having coffee after that.
 yes. I like it very much .
.
O K.   . Tent is usually  comes with    iron  structure. And first, we put those  sticks into     four sides of tent which makes the structure of the tent. And then,  main two main poles. And first, we   stand them on the ground. And then    pull the tent   into four directions. And  also  you need pegs  which is like  nails. And you need  peg and a hammer. So,     you have to  press  four sides of the tent with pegs using hammer. And        it supports the tent from all directions.  Yes. That's it.
 this weekend.  I usually go to school on  Saturday. I go to interpretation school to brush up my interpretation skills. And after that,  I usually  meet my friends for exchange lesson,  English and Japanese.
  it's  intensive lesson. Saturday is the most busy day for me.
Thank you very much for the interview.
