.
My name is .
Nice meeting you.
I'm doing fine.
But I have a slight headache.
I guess so. I have to because it's really busy time 
 we have a deadline coming soon.
I'm selling advertisement to the schools overseas.
 in major English speaking countries, especially in United States and Canada.
And because there is a advertisement space in the series of the study abroad guide books
for Japanese students.
And so most of the advertisers are schools who is seeking for the Japanese student into their universities and colleges. And also language schools.
I think so because I prefer to communicate with the people outside the Japan.
So basically I'd like to live in different countries,
experiencing a different culture
and people, the way of thinking and living.
And that's exciting .
 so I wish I could go back to .
 first three years and half, I lived in like a suburban area on .
Like twenty minutes north of 
by car.
And so but it's already a kind of very rural setting. So you have to have the car
to live there. Otherwise you can't survive. 
So but I quite often go to by train.
But train service yeah, is just an hour. So and it's kind of very slow train. So it's takes nearly fifty minutes to get to the . So it's not really convenient.
 because it's so energetic.
I feel energy when I step in , immediately I feel energy of the people living there. And they are really active.
And also very focussed.
 many of the people working there have like their objectives
clearly.
 and making efforts to achieve them.
So I feel energy of those people and I like that.
 since this is my mother country,
I can't say I don't like it here.
 it's O K to live here
because I'm, anyway, Japanese.
And my parents are also living here.
 it's for them, they're very happy because I came back here and since especially because I'm a only child.
 so they're really happy because I came back.
 But to me, it's not really so exciting so if I could go back to or maybe now I prefer to live some country in a Europe.
Yeah.
.

.
 people are skiing. And also does the snowboard though little children are enjoying playing, throwing a snowballs with each other. And also the young people are skiing and one person in the field on the snow the asking for help. And also there is the snowman here. And a few people are having coffee inside the log house.

, I think 
Not really,
.

I think I'm healthy by nature.
And I seldom get cold.
And so without doing anything, I just stay healthy.
So but because of my age, I guess, I started to gain my weight. 
So actually just yesterday, I just joined a sports club.
Because I really feel I have to do some exercise you know, daily basis.
So to keep my health to the future I'm getting old and have to keep my health.
And so I can't count on just myself doing without anything.
 so I think I really need a little exercise .
I have to pay the fee.
And the monthly fee and there're like handling fee.
And also I had to write down the application. And but it's wouldn't open until the first of April .
It's right in where I'm living.
So it's pretty close to my apartment so the accessibility is most important to me. It has to be in my vicinity
 can go there quite often even after I work.
And so usually I finish working like at eight thirty at night. So after that, even just a little bit, maybe I just go to the sports club and do some exercise for the fifteen minutes or twenty minutes, .
And go home.
Yeah.

.
. .
Yes.
Yes, this is .
Yes. .
Yes, I'm doing fine. How are you?
 yes. I'm very sorry that I couldn't make it
because I had a bad headache and I think I had a cold.
And I feel fever
so I thought I shouldn't go there because maybe some other people catch cold from me. .
Yes, I'm really sorry about that.
But please invite me next opportunity.
?
.
.
 that's a really surprise to me, too. I didn't expect that you're gonna hold a surprise party .
 I have never experienced that such a thing. So I have no idea. in that case, maybe I have to ask some other people that to bring the some cake to my apartment. 
And I really apologize for that.
.
.
Yeah. Even without me, I'm sure you can enjoy.

I'm sorry .
Thank you.
 not really. Not in Japan.
But when I was living in the United States, yes, sometimes I did.
 but it's not something really special, but just bring some cooking or sweets to the friend's house.
And like a it's a potluck party.
And just we enjoy chatting with each other and playing some little games 
yeah. And just being with close friend, it's really enjoyable.
.
Yeah.
Right. I think American people really like to surprise people.
Yes. Like you said, like they really like to plan like a surprise party.
 even for the colleagues.
Even not the member of the family, even just for colleagues, and also of course for the close friends or lovers,
 they often set up a surprise party and so give a big surprise to the loved one. 
So I think that's a big difference.
 at least among my Japanese friends,
I haven't heard they planned a surprise party for their friends or family. .

.
.
,
 one day last week, a young man driving a car. And at the same time, another man was driving a motor cycle and while speaking with his girlfriend over a cell phone.
And he is heading into the the other way. And but at the spot, the car and the motorcycle hit with each other. and the driver of the car got really angry because the cause of the accident was because the driver of the motorcycle is talking to his girlfriend over cell phone and wasn't very careful about where he is heading to. So that's the cause of the accident, the man claims. And the police man came and the cause of the accident eventually the motorcycle how could I say, were taken away by the police,
.
 I didn't know this is the the end of the story. .
.
Not really.

.
 usually eat out with my colleagues.
.
.
. That's true. And I guess my favorite place is Manpuku.
It's a little Chinese restaurant.
They serve a really good food.
Yes.
Yes.
.
O K.
