Yes. My name is .
Nice to meet you, too.
 I'm fine, thank you. But  it's getting cold  day by day, I think, 
  I caught cold yesterday. But today I'm fine.
 yes. I'm from . So I like snow. 
  in ,   I did skiing or skating every winter.   but this year,   I did not able to stay long time in , so   I will not be able to skiing, .
Yes. I like playing instrument.  my instrument is clarinet. And   I'm a member of club activity of  music club.
   first, I started to play clarinet at elementary school.    and elementary school and at high school, I played clarinet.
And   again  I started the instrument the university.
.   it is very difficult to arrange pitch.  So   when  the    pitch   is not  be arranged,  music is not be .
It's difficult.
Yes.  I'm a waitress of Italian restaurant in .
And   I have the waitress work  three times in a week.
    one of my senior of my high school days  worked this restaurant       since  half year. So  I was introduced by her.
Yes.  A husband and a wife   is taking supper in a restaurant.  The dinner room of this restaurant is very big.   and there is a woman who is playing piano. And there is  old clock and the clock is big.    there are  three couples   who are taking supper.  And  this couple is    going to drink a bottle of wine. And  the   husband  is doing tasting of wine. And this wine  is smelling  this husband. So  this couple  decided to drink this wine.   and this couple is   waiting for  meals for supper.
.   the restaurant which  I'm working  have not round table.  and   we don't use such a court  wine and  the waiters don't have to wear the formal suits.
Yes.
Yes. .     I'm seeking desk of my room.    my room is not so big. So I want to get a small desk.
  I would like to buy a desk   which made of wood.
And   I like the white wood so   I prefer the color of white  or something bright color.
  it's beautiful.     so    this one have no drawing.
 .
Yes.  there are any desk which have  small drawing?
Yes.
 drawer?   how much is this?
Two hundred dollars?    are there  any desk  a bit cheaper?
One hundred fifty.   does this desk  have any drawer?
   what color is this?
Yellow? O K.  I'll buy this one, yellow.
Yes.
 I live in Nakano-ku so I usually go to Shinjuku or Nakano usually shopping.
  yes. In Shinjuku, there are many shops I like. And  I can buy everything in Shinjuku.
  I like    the shop of variety goods or interior goods.   so  whenever I go shopping,    I always visit interior goods shop.
  one day last week, a couple of a boy and girl  was walking in a street. It was rainy day.   when they  were walking, a boy   heard cat's voice.   then,  there was a   box along the street.  And the girl found a cat   in the box.      the girl wanted to  take a cat   to their home. But the boy rejected her suggestion.    the girl  thought that the cat is very    pity.  and the girl  insisted on taking a cat to home.   the boy was very embarrassed. And finally, they took a cat to their home  in a rain.
  I'm  thought  the cat is very pity,    but the cat's family   perhaps  back to take this cat. So   I would not    have taken this cat.
 no.  My parents said that     it is very sad   to look the pets when they die.
So   my parents don't like to have any pet.

No. Today, I have no class.
Yes.

.
Thank you.
