Hello. My name is .
 meet you, too.
Hobbies?
 my hobbies  are watching movies and travelling and doing some exercises in my .
Yeah. I went to China and mainly Tibet.
Trip.  I went to   with many friends. But those friends,   we haven't met before.   you know,  we just met for the first time  for this trip.
And we went to China by ship.  it took about two days for .  and  I like Chinese food or Tibetan foods. . Many people said that Tibetan foods are very taste bad. But for me,  almost all the foods are very delicious.

   dumplings called momo, or noodles like , but the taste is very different with meat. .
And yak burger.
. They ate  yak instead of the cow.
University. My university is . And  is not so big, but  all the faculties are in one place so I could meet many people studying various subjects. So it was very nice university, yeah, I think.
O K.  I have four members. My father, mother and brother and me and my dog. 
 my dog is   called Ryoma.  My grandfather gave him the name Ryoma because last time, I had the another dog, but  I gave the dog named Pocky.  But  he was dead  soon. So my grandfather thought  this dog need a more strong name. .
Yeah.
   because  always   we work hard, everyone, so sometimes we need  to take a break. And we took my dog to the park, and relax.  and  he is very cute.
 yeah. So    if we see  my dog, Ryoma,       no, my dog makes us happy.
O K.  This is some place, local area, and  maybe this is  on Sunday, I think. And there's some people playing with the ball.   these are the  childrens.  and other people talk on the street with dog.  And    there is a man who is running on the street. . And the weather is very nice so  they went out, and spend  happy time.
Now?
Now I'm living in . And even on Sunday, I don't see so many people on the street because everyone went out to the big cities like  or . And near my apartment, only few people is shopping like  the womans shopping at the supermarket. Or  I don't see so many childrens.
I think    they're not playing outside so much.
 I grew up in , and  is very local area. So I used to play outside, and also with my dog.   so my home town is very similar to this picture, like the situation of this picture, I think. And my father also  used to running outside on Sunday.
 in the  near future?
Near future.  now I have work here so  for more years, I want to live here. And   I have many friends here so I want to live here more. But in the end, if I retire,  I want to go  to my hometown because  I love there.

O K.
.
 hello, this is . .
Hi.  I was planning to go to your party. And    I was very  looking forward to see you. But  yesterday, my grandmother got a  traffic accident. And    I was very sad because  she was dead there. So  now I'm very very sad, but      how  can I say,   I have to call my father and mother or my relatives   to say my grandmother good-bye. So I'm so sorry, but I can not do anything about this.
Yeah. But I was very  confused. Yeah.  and I was so busy because everyone  called me.  so I have to call many people. Yeah. And  I didn't know about  the situation how she got  a accident. So  I have to go to police yesterday. Yeah.
Yeah.
 thank you.
Next time, I'll go.

Refuse something?
  yes.
   my friends   called me, and went out dinner or drinking. But sometimes I don't feel like going out. So I wanted to see my friends. But  if my feeling is not so good, sometimes I say  I have to do my homework  or something. Sometimes I use, but it's not good. 
Yes, yes. Totally. .
 yes. Because we keep in touch with my e-mail or the mobile phone. Yeah. But I don't like mobile phone so much because we can not see the face.   so I need to go .
O K.  could I see the picture before?
. O K. One day last week, I drove my car on the street. And there's other guy who ride a  motorcycle. And I suppose he was talking with his friends or  someone. And he didn't look at me. And then  I wanted to   turn left, but   the way of his driving is like not straight. He didn't go straight so    I think    I cared about him,   but we attacked  each other. And then his mobile phone was broken. And he told me I need to fix it, and  I have to pay some money for this mobile phone. And then  I couldn't understand it. So I call the policeman, and  I explained him about the situation  why we got a accident. And then the   police man called some car company to take his motorcycle.
.
Yeah.
Women?
Especially?
. Because  they feel lonely, I think.  especially in  area, there're a lot of people living here, but  each person's feeling is not satisfied about our lives.  and each of them have some feelings   some feelings that   they are living alone. So  and mobile phone is so useful  on contacting with others.
.
 three weeks ago.
 everyone says so. Because my friend told me, "Why do you go to Tibet?".  but   I studied about Tibet because my major was ethnic study. So I was very interested.
.
Thank you very much.
