Good afternoon.
Yes. My name is .
Yes.
I'm fine thank you, and you?
I living in ,  Prefecture.
I take two hours to come  to my school.
Yes. I want to move in , but there are a lot of problem, for example, money problem,  my parents always saying  "I want to live  with you,"  so I can't.
.
 my father is a little bit strict person, but he is  very smart, and he always  listen what I said. And, 
she is  tired, and  sleeping. 
Because,  she gets up early on Sunday and Saturday because my brother belong to baseball club. So she had to make lunch for him.
 I do my part-time job on Saturday.  And on Sunday, I sometimes go out with my friends.
Yes.
Because  want money.
And, I teach English and Japanese for junior high and elementary school students. It is fun for me because I like  teaching.
  , sophomore.
I like people in . They are very active.
.
They always doing what they want.  Yes, so, I always think  I want to be such a person.
One of my friend, who is literacy department, but she want to be lawyer, so  after school, she  goes to private school, and she always studying law.  And, other friends, working  in  T V studio, and she  get  a lot of money.
She wants to be T V manager.
,  there is no . 
Yes.  My father wants me to be bank worker because  she works in bank.
 because it is hard work.
One girl is sitting on the chair before the desk. On the desk, there is a big computer and typewriter. She always using it to  making her paper. And  on the bed, the cat is sleeping very happily. And, also on the floor, brown dog is sleeping.  he doesn't move at all. And,  on the wall, there is the one calendar. And,  in the room, one big stereo is on the sideboard.  And, clock on the wall indicate it is nine o'clock. The window is very big, and comfortable light  come into her room.
.
.
No.
I think it is good
because   my neighbor has two  dogs, and  they are always bowing, so I get nervous sometimes.  , I want them to keep their dog inside their house.
Yes.
Yes.
I make my homepage, and send e-mail to my friend, and make papers.
I learned it when I took computer class.
 for me.  it was very fun. And also, in my English class, we make my homepage writing on English.
.
O K.
Hello?
This is  speaking.
Today, I'm calling for you to sorry that I   couldn't go your party.
 But, I got sick,  and I have a very high fever.  I couldn't go.
 doctor already came my house, and he said to me, "You never go out. You should still in your bed.".
. I want to  go your party next time. So, give me a rain check.
.
. I like still in my house and watching T V and listen music.
  I can't make dinner. So,  I clean her room and arrange  dishes.
One day last week, the woman went to department store to buy present for her husband.  She used   elevator to go to second floor. And after she reached second floor,  she went to the  tie department, and  there are one shopkeeper in  department. So she  asked him, "What tie should I send my husband?".  Shopkeeper was very kind,  so he gave some advice for her. Finally, he choosed green tie  for her husband. She looked it, and she  thought it was good for her husband,  so she bought that tie. The tie was  wrapped in a very beautiful box, so she thanked to him. And, she also have to buy  a present for her mother.  She wanted to buy  sweater for her. But, she didn't know where to go, so she asked him, "What floor should I go?".  Shopkeeper pointed out and said,  "The department which sell sweater is on third floor," so she used  step to go to third floor to buy present for her mother.
Yes.
I gave wallet for my father on Father's Day, and I gave  skirt for my mother on Mother's Day.
Because I knew that he used very , very old wallet. So, I decided to give him new wallet .
I go to department store,
and I ask shopkeeper  what to buy.
   I want my parents to give me  air ticket to go . 
Yes. I have never  foreign country.
 America is best.
 In America,  I can use English, and  people in America are so active,  so I can get stimulus by them.
Thank you very much.
, I have no plan. 
. .
