Yes. My name is .
Yes, sure.
. I live in .
Yeah. It is. I live very near from the beach, so from  beach.
. No. I moved five years ago.
I was living in   city .
 the good  point is that in  there is mountain area and also  there is a beach. And you know you, can both enjoy the mountain and the  view of the  ocean. Also, you have many temples, there are many temples there and so and historic site, so you can enjoy visiting those places.
 yes. .  I was born in , and then I moved to   when I was six years old and because of my father's business. And I came back to  when I was   ten years old. And then after that, I stayed  for a while but then,  when I was in junior high school, I moved to  and lived there for three years. And then came back to  again and went to high school and  junior college sorry. And after I graduated from the junior college, I worked  for a bank for a few years, and then I decided  that I wanted to go to university again, so I came back to university.
. As I was  little, so I do not remember that much but   the climate is very hot there. And so it's like  all summer.   you know, the season is  always summer. And,   there are a lot of beautiful flowers and  also  I think it used to be  a colony of  Spain, so       there is   the building is a sort of mixture of    Spanish culture and  the Indian culture which used to be there.
  it is a restaurant, and   sorry three couples are enjoying dinner. And couple  which is  sitting  just in front of us is  the wife is wearing pink suit and her husband is wearing yellow jacket. And  they just ordered wine. And sorry a husband just ordered wine, and he's tasting now and  the sommelier is standing  besides the table. And he is explaining about the wine, and    he's very content of the wine, and he says that "O K. I will have that".  maybe  the waiter will pour to her wife's  glass, too. And in the restaurant, there is a piano and the piano    is playing  by herself.
.
 I strongly disagree with the situation because   I think smoke   will disturb  someone  if you don't like  to smoke. .
So, I think the smoking and non-smoking should be  separated.
 O K.
Hello.   sorry, I forgot your name.
Hello, .   this is  speaking.
Hello,  sorry.  It's about the dinner party which you invited me. And actually, I'm sorry but I can't come because  my mother is sick, and she's now in a hospital. So,  I have to be with her. I'm so sorry but I can't come.
 really. I'm so sorry about that.  I didn't even sorry I was so upset about my mother so, I'm sorry I couldn't call you.
 I'm sorry, very sorry to hear that. But, I really want to go the next time if you have party, so I also want to meet  other people. So  I'm very sorry.
Yes, sure. Thank you very much. I'm  very appreciated it.
Thank you.
O K.
Good bye.
. No.
That I.
 luckily I didn't have much  you know, trouble or incident.
. . 
.

But I think sometimes lying is a good way to, you know, not always good to say   the fact. So, I think sometimes you have to lie. So, sometimes it is effective to make  a story.
 O K.
 one day, Ken was driving by himself. And there was a motor cycle was coming  in front of him, and Ken accidentally crashed to the motor cycle. And  and  and  I mean  then Ken hit the back of the motor cycle and the man who was on the motor cycle was very angry about that. And they both argued. Ken  just listening to his complaint. And he decided that it would be better to call policeman, so  he called the police and then the policeman came. And a policeman came and ask Ken questions. And   Ken thought that   it was him  was  that should be blamed. So he said that he will call the insurance company and cover  the   brought the motor cycle and fix it, and also  and he noticed that the motor cycle was out of order. And he couldn't move it any more. So he called to the service station, and the service man came, and came by a truck. And they put the motor cycle on the truck, and the man also went  with the service man. And they left the place of the accident.   sorry I mistake.
, I mistook Ken to    so the man was just looking, and the motor cycle went to the service station.
I used to drive.
 I had an accident. After that I stopped driving.
 not at all. I actually  I was the one  that should be blamed because I changed the line in the intersection. And I  hit the car  moving next my car. And but luckily  no one was injured. But I was really  afraid because  I was moving not so slow. I mean, it was not to slowly. And if I maybe hit harder, the next car will, you know, crossed the line. And went to the  opposite line, and then it will, you know, hit the collision. So, I was very scared  since then I stopped driving by myself.
Yes, in . But it was just I was  careless.
 plan for the new year?  actually, maybe I cannot enjoy very much because I have  some reports that I should finish.  and also   we have test after new year so maybe I have to study. But  maybe I think we'll drink champagne in the new year's eve, enjoy a little bit.
Year two thousand.
Year, I guess so.
Thank you very much.
O K. Thank you.
