Yes.
Yes. My name is .
Yes.
Nice to met you, too.
Recently?
Yes. I'm a temporary staff, and my job is  agent of help desk of some  computer system company. So if a  customer has the problem with his computer or operating system or some kinds of application like Excel, Word or so on,  they call me.
So I check the situation and  I give them the  .
Pardon?
Yeah. My office is now in . Very near from the  Station.
From my house.  my house is . So everyday, I have to take one hour and half .
Yes.    recently I spend time by    reading books and reading dictionaries.
. The reason why I check the dictionary is I want to cultivate my vocabulary in English.
Weekends.  I'm married, and usually my husband  has day-off on weekend. So we two   go  just for a walking or   camping.
Yes.  in summer,  it's very hot, and sunshine is severe. So we escape to the  very local place like  near the Lake   in  Prefecture or very inconvenient place to reach.
There are so many natures.
 yes.  there are some favorite campsite  near the river and the river water is very cold. So if   I touch the water, it's very chilly.  and of curse  I can see   good views like mountains very near. And there are so many trees  around the site.
Yes.
  O K.  I suppose  here is a some gorgeous restaurant. And the main two people, this lady and this gentleman, is wife and his husband, I think. And     live piano is playing in the restaurant. And they came here to celebrate his   memorial day of marriage. So  probably this wine which this  recommends, this must be very expensive. But they tried to take them. And this is seven o'clock in the evening because this clock shows the time. And  they has just started take a supper here. So this wine is the first one. And probably    he is trying tasting. .
Yes, please.
 No. Not so much. But  sometimes we go to restaurant to take a dinner. But they are very reasonable one. .
.  reasonable restaurant is comfortable for us. Because it's very casual. Not so gorgeous but very casual and staffs is always very friendly, and they makes us relax. So  I love there. And one of my favorite restaurant is  Thai food restaurant.  I found it   no, no, no. Four or  five weeks ago. And very  near from Takadanobaba Station. So    my husband office locates in . So I call him with my mobile phone to come to Takadanobaba and let's have a dinner. .
So  he is not so tough.
 because  he has  so many jobs to do.
But  he  .
 this year's anniversary is the worst day.
There is nothing. Because the temperature is very high and      no, no. We didn't want to do anything.  so we stayed just at home and take a dinner  .
.

Yes. Please.
. Yes, please. I'd like to New York. And   could you tell me how the  most convenient way to get there, please?
Super Express.   how long does it take to from here to New York City?
Two hours. And what time does the most earliest train start?
 after three hours from now?  I see. Do I have to reserve the seat?
. O K.   actually  I don't know much about New York. So    how many station in New York?
Central Station.  is Central Station final destination?
O K. So I  O K. Today are there any delay or not?
 so  it maybe delayed.
O K.  so how much is the ticket?
Just two hundred dollars?  does it include reservation fee?
O K.     you said Super Express is available?
So  can I buy the ticket now?
So yes,   give me one ticket, please.   O K. So  is two dollar for one way?
O K. So one way ticket, please.
Thank you very much.
Yes. I traveled sometimes. But I've never lived and studied abroad.
  the most favorite country is Britain. And I'm very interested in lake district, however the    I see so many pictures of lake district and so many stories about there. But unfortunately, the city where I've been to is just London. So   someday  I want to go there. .
London. . London is  rather conservative, I think, compared with   cities in States. So  and  my favorite brand name shop    is famous for it's  silver accessories and the    royals of Britain, usually uses there  cutleries. So and I love cutleries   looking at good cutlery makes me very happy. .
Yes.
. One day last week.
Yes. .  O K.   they went to the zoo  last Tuesday. Last Tuesday is a weekday so   there was not so much people in the zoo. So they fully enjoyed   with relaxation. And they saw lion in the cage. And usually lion is sleeping all day long. However on this day, they could see lion moving. And  the lion was watching them. And  the boy and girl also watching the lion. And maybe this lion  was wondered  who they were and why they were here because today   we have few guests and  they are rare guests. The lion  must be thought. And then the girl and boy watched monkeys.  the monkey was eating bananas. And so  the girl wanted to eat something because    after she watched the monkey eating bananas. So the boy treated her . And then last,     the boy had another engagement in the evening on Tuesday. So they have to say good-bye at the gate of the zoo.
Yes.   last time  we had a farewell party.
So  I must wait for the  arranger  called  .
And  gave me back my money.
.
