My name is .
 you can call me .
I'm doing great.
Yes, I did.
 could it just be the ones I remember?
 we had a debate today  in class so I had to prepare for that.
 it was about how you like  marriage  whether we choose from it outer beauty or inner beauty.
 personally I'd say it's more about the connection between the two people. But   we had to say that when we prefer outer beauty.
The teacher decide which side you take.
Yeah. That's pretty difficult.
First grade.
 it's O K.
  it was one of the only schools    they had like English tests
to get in. And it was the only school that we are divided into different levels.
And I knew   public schools because
we couldn't pay for
private schools.
 Brazil and France.
I can't say.
 Brazil.  I'd say it's pretty big country. And  they had their own pace. They live slowly  and gently in there.
In .
 pretty small.
I went to an American school.
 we didn't have uniform.
That's about. And my school was from kindergarten to twelfth grade.
 it's nice. I don't have to think about what I have to wear.
But  it's not nice how I have to wear the same thing everyday.
I read.
I listen to music.
And I play on the computer.
 mostly science fiction.
Or books about  psychology or  teenage psychology .
 the one I liked that I read recently was  "Go Ask Alice".
It's the  diary by anonymous girl.
   about a  drug addict. .
 it's a math class.
And the teacher seems to be teaching very fervently. But  not that many people are really participating.
And there are girls who are doing make-up.
Another person who is chewing gum and doesn't seem to care about anything.
 just one boy in the very front row seems to be paying attention.
The girl beside her is fiddling with her cell phone even though she is in the first row.
And  actually the boy behindl the participating more seems to be listening.  but he's also listening to music and drinking
some juice.
Kind of like this.

  depends  on the class but   besides English, most classes are like forty people per class. So the teacher can't keep an eye on every student.
And so the teacher just teaches what he or she has to teach. And just the students who wanna listen listen, I guess.
In my school?
 O K.  it's a boy I talk to first when I came to this school.
 he was in the same class. And we met eyes.
And we introduced ourselves. And he was  originally from America.
And I was from France.
And we talked quite a bit.
And then we figured out that we were  taking the same classes.
So that's how I got to be good friends with him.
  at home, I chat on the Internet.
And then  on the weekends, I go out to see a movie 
or see concerts.
.
 I'm ready.
   I'm supposed to read this?
 O K. I'm sorry. I'm not ready yet.
I'm ready.
Hello?   I was supposed to go to the party.
.  I am one of the guests.
And   I was caught up  with my family. And I couldn't go.
It's .
.  I'm sorry  I didn't go because  my family,  I can't talk about it.
But  we had a problem. .
I'll try my best if that's O K with you people.
I think I'll be able to make it before you guys are off.
 tell them that I have business to take care of, and that I'll probably will be able to make it before the end of it.
Before?
From my experience.
 not that I remember.
 yes, once.
.
I asked what was wrong.
And I understood that there was some miscommunication between us.
 first,  I ask what happened   and then I tell them what was my case.
And we try to see what went wrong.
O K.
O K.
One day last week, a mother and her daughter were planning to go camping.
And they were excited about it, packing up everything they would need for camp.
And they went, set their tent. But  the weather got bad. It started raining and then storms . They had to clean up and go right away to somewhere where they could find shelter. And so on their way in the car, they found a hotel. So they were up by hotel and stayed at the hotel instead.
Yes.
 it would be the ski trip for the one time, this winter vacation.
 my dad wasn't gonna go originally because he had work. But  my mom wanted the whole family to go.
So we went together and we went skiing for  four days.
.
 my parents  made me follow their ski trips.
 went from since when I was like age four.
 in France, I went to a ski school.
And so and I took up to be the  highest level classes. 
so  now, we don't have  classes,
but I'm  what I learned from the classes to ski on my own  own now.
 other than skiing,  sea or
my grandparents' house.
In .
 I also have my grandma in .
Not really.   I just stay at their house. I don't  look around the city.
  not lately. I don't go to my grandparents' house. But   all I can tell you is that the dialect is different.
 intonation is different.
And some words are different. But I guess, if they know that we are from , they try to use 
 standard Japanese. .
Yeah. I think French people tend   to pronounce English words in their French pronunciation.
So  sounds pretty unique. And Brazilians sound like Brazilian people   Brazilian people and Spanish people tend to speak English in the same way, I guess.
 I was planning to go home and take a nap  because I was very tired.
I didn't get any sleep yesterday.
And I had .
. .
. Thank you for the test.
