Hello.
Yes. My name is .
. I'm fine but I'm a little tired because I don't sleep well. 
. Because  I was  having a party with my friend yesterday.
. It was year-end party and  she's from  so she has a     so she   with my friend we made  and ate  in her room and we stayed with her from this morning. 
I'm live in . It's   two station from  so I can come university by about twenty minutes.
Now I am a junior student and I'm studying movie and theater arts. I'm not acting but learn about  theory of film and movies and I'm now interested in arts management. It's a kind of management of  theater.
    I'm a curious why there are many theaters  in all over Japan. .  each city has its own city hall but it's not used by  people  and it's  what is called "box" so my teacher said we should  raise  arts manager or arts administrator to use a hall for many people.
. If possible, I want to work at a hall  as manager but      the halls  don't necessary new people so    maybe I learn more about arts management  in abroad.
. Yeah.
 I want to go to America because    it has a  curriculum about arts manager  in universities and internships system.
Yes. .
This is a suburb,  sunny day, maybe it's a holiday because   three children are playing and maybe their mothers are talking and a man is talking at the street. And in this picture there is a big room    and  car and cat.  on the bonnet a cat are sleeping and two children are playing a volleyball in the grass. It's  maybe a garden of the children. . I think this is a quiet  neighborhood and safe neighborhood.   and  because an old man are reading a newspaper on the bench  he seems  very  comfortable.
Yeah. That's all.
. Yes, it is a little different from  my neighborhood where I'm living now but,  my hometown is  the same as this  because  around my hometown neighborhood, there are not  apartment, so the people are friendly.
No.  I'm from .
. My hometown is  City.
It's  western part of  and face to   , so   it was a famous for port town and import  from Russia but now it's  famous as sightseeing because  it's an old town.
There are  lots of historical building like bank, and hotel, and now it is used  by restaurant or shop.
O K.
Yes.
. I bought  sweater yesterday but  the size is not good for me, so would you change a sweater?
  why   is it against a policy?
 but  the time I wear the sweater at a shop   the light is different from  outside so the sweater is different from the color.
.  So     have you ever changed the goods for the customers?
. I see,  but  why don't you go to outside and look at the color  with me?
. Thank you. 
. No. Not me but my mother    bought a knit  for knitting  sweater and when she finished knitting the color is different from what she thought  but she gave up exchange because she has already finished knitting.
O K.  One day last week,  three young  guys  were planning to go outside. . Two are boys and a girl. But it was  heavy rain that day. So they were very worrying. . But  they had an idea for going to see a movie  because new movie   were  starting the day so they went to a movie theater from the afternoon. They went to theater and bought a ticket. It cost  two thousand and five hundred yen. And  they prepared for watching a movie . They bought a popcorn and coke  at the shop  and the movie was began.  the movie was an action movie  so  the plane was hijacked and   the plane was an accident. It was scared but exciting. When the movie finished,    the  weather become clear and  they had a  good time.
.    if I go to watch a movie by myself,  I want to watch  quiet movies  like French one but if I go to a movie with my friend,  I want to go more enjoyable movie like comedy.
. I think  recently, Japanese movies are  very good,  especially I like the younger directors, like Suo Masayuki. He directed  "Shall we dance?". It was very hit  and in this  coming new year, I want to watch "Gohhatto" directed by Ooshima.
 yeah. I will go back to my hometown and spend a White Christmas.

Yes.
Yeah, thank you very much.
