Good morning.
. My name is .
Yeah, O K.
Nice to meet you.
. This morning    for few days,   I feel some cold so I don't feel so good today .
. Maybe . 
But  this is a big challenge, and this S S T test for me because    I want to take this test   at the time of my best condition. 
. You mean  of course, I'm from my house in .  I live there with my family, a mother, father, and one younger brother, and younger sister, and  we also live with my grandma.
. My grandma is the mother of my mother, and  she is very  a kind of tough lady   I mean   when my mother was high school student,   her father died, and  she grow up my   mother by herself. .   so she is very  strong lady so      the time of  dinner or sometime  we crashed or something. So another her. . She is kind and , and many times my mother  get sick, my grandmother  instead of her  cooked and do homeworks home. Yeah, so.
Yeah.

 I'm sophomore, second grade.
. It's hard to me because    before coming to university  actually    I really expect the lecture in university, but   real situation is not so good.   some lecture is boring, but next year   when I  become to third grade year of university,  the  seminar of  will start so I really  expect that.  .
Yeah. . Actually  my high school is  so  I have many many friends in university. Yeah. Yes. So we keep good communication.
 
maybe not.
O K. .   that's the good restaurant. . It's for the high level person, I think. So maybe        such me    I've never been there.
Yeah? . But now is the time of dinner because the clock is the seven P M.  I think many people      don't have  meal  morning or lunch maybe      such a restaurant is for dinner so this is dinner time, I think. And yeah,  for such a restaurant,   most main customers are I think couple, guy and lady. Yeah. And  they often weared suits or some   not casual thing. .
. Pardon me?
. My family  hardly go restaurant because  all of my family likes the handmade cook  my mother cook, and but   with my friends I  usually go because  the time is late so and I mean so hungry, but   as other my family member I also don't like restaurant or   something eat outside so yeah. .  I really want to go  as soon as possible because I want eat something like cooked by my mother.
Yeah.
. Yes. .

 Yeah, never.
O K.
.
  I forget your name.
.
.
. Hello, .
. How are you?
 I'm sorry.  this is .
Good morning. . Do you know the ""    which is very popular nowadays, and  have you every watch it?
. Really. . Me, too. So  I really  want to watch it, but   someone   who goes with me. So   do you like to go watch movie with me?
O K. . How about Monday?
. Really. So  when can you go?
 O K. So how about evening of Tuesday?
O K. So  maybe    we can watch that movie at  so   all right. I want to meet you at Shinagawa Station   five o'clock.
  after meeting you,    we can get  Line and   we will arrive  at six o'clock. Yeah.
So  see you Tuesday.
You're welcome.
.
. Many times I think, "  I will go there," but  I miss because I'm very busy so.  But if I have time, I really   go</SC> want to go to watch movie  because today  I have many movies to want to watch so.
 .    
  what  I  watched?
Yeah? So my favorite movie is   "Holly Name "  or "Dead Man Walking" very impressive movie  especially at that time   when I watch "Dead Man Walking"  I feel very sympathy with    the girl    have you ever been watch ?
Yeah?   it's story of   one guy  killed and raped the girl, and,  of course,          he gave death sentence  from judgment,  and  one lady  who works at church  comes and  talk with him, and  yeah. At the end, the guy remorse,  and but  he, of course,  killed the story, but that's very impressive .
No, .
One day last week, my mother went to department store, and    about    he bought  the necktie to my father because   his birthday  was coming soon. And,   the necktie  is not cheap one because    cheap one? I think  this is three thousand yen or so. And after buying necktie,   he  went to buy   some  bargain sale, and he notice the shoes and clothes is very cheap. And before coming department store,  she did not have plan to buy  some clothes or shoes to herself, but she changed his mind and buy many things. So    when she  leave the department store,   she has  many carriage.

.  It depends on  what things I want to buy because I mean  yeah  shop store   will comfortable or something  nice, but  if I go big  department store,    I can choose  from the many things  so yeah, variation or    yeah   wide so. So  yeah. If I decide what things I will buy,    I will go short store, but   before deciding just look and choose, and  I'll go big department .  Yeah?
. Yeah.
 course,  I don't have girlfriend, but Christmas is very very happy and existing because I'm actually  Christian so  I spend my Christmas day at church      from December twenty-first to twenty-fifth  so we have many exciting plan. Yeah?  party or  worship time or so.  looking forward to it.
Thank you.
