My name is .
I'm fine, thank you. How are you?
?   on Wednesdays, I have three classes and   two classes are  in the morning and in the afternoon, I have one class  in which  I chat with some students and tutor    actually  it is a English tutorial program.
And after finishing that lesson,     I usually go to room of my club   and do chatting with my friends    or singing.   I belong to  a .
 I always singing in my free time
.
Favorite song?  I have many favorite songs but   I like  Mendelssohn,  his song,    the song's name is       most of all  songs  composed by Mendelssohn  are  written in  German. ,  yeah,  to sing  his song is also to study Germany.
   it's   but we usually go to  Saizeriya  which is name of  restaurant and drink some alcohol,
 dinner. And then  I  go back home.
Saizeriya.   the only reason is  it's very close to our  club's room.    that's why.
.
 ? 
Yeah. So  I'm supposed to explain 
the situation.
   maybe this place is   restaurant.
. Yeah. It is  high-grade restaurant. And there are    yeah, three couples   in this restaurant.
And they're having dinner.  And     two waiters are serving  the   customer.     one waiter  is showing    the label of wine and recommending that bottle of wine to   one couple.  And   in this room,   there is a woman playing the piano.  I'm not sure  what's she is playing.
And         they are  all thing .
?
Restaurant?
 last time,   I have never been to such  high-grade restaurant
 in which       some waiters are serving or   a lady is playing the piano.
   I often go to     low-grade restaurant
 . Yeah. So I'll tell you  about   last time I went to   .
     that was  our class  reunion.  and  we held the party at    restaurant in Shinjuku.   there are only  four people  coming the party because  that was      reunion   of      English school in   in .
  I went to   that school in   during my summer vacation this year. And we met there.
And  the members    I met   last week  were    all Japanese and  they    live around .
O K.
.

 .   what I
?       . O K.    I'm looking for a new car.
. And  I'd like you to show some  good cars 
 which are    made in Korea. 
 do you have  some cars?
 is it  made in Korea?
  which one?
 blue one? .     it looks good. But   I think it's  a little too small.
.
 because    I have  five  families. And I want to   use it for driving with family so      I'd like   a little bigger car. So   what else do you have?
  yes.  I'm interested in cars a little but   I don't like car  very much.
Why not?     I'd liked cars
when   I was a little child.
But  now,   I have many things  I'm interested in so.
Yes.
Yes. .
 one day?   am I  this story  as my experience?
So .
  O K?       one day last week,   I went to the movie with my friends.   and         I went there with   two my friends. But      I treated them   two ticket. 
so  I have to pay  six thousand yen. And   after we  enter  the  movie theater,    they said that  they wanted to have
   something to drink and something to eat. But  they didn't have enough money so   I pay for them.    we bought  popcorns and  drinks. And then,  we enjoyed   watching movie.     that was   action movie.   and     there is   impressing scene   that seems     a plane  was exploded  in the air.     it reminded me of the accidents  in United States.       but  we were happy  to see that movie
in the end.
Thank you.
At home?   .    I prefer  seeing  video at home to watching movie  at movie theater    because     watching movie  at a movie theater  will costs me a lot.  usually       it will cost  one thousand yen or one thousand  and five hundred yen. But    if   I will rent video at  rental video shop,   it will cost  only four hundred yen or so. So   that's one reason and     I can feel comfortable and    I can be relaxed at home      while watching or seeing video, I can drink something or I  eat something  so.  yeah,  but  actually       I have  seldom   see video at home.
Tomorrow?
 ?
  ?     I also have   classes tomorrow and     I have to go shopping.
Yeah. I have to, 
  I'm going to Korea next week.
So I have to prepare for    
 my packing.  I have   .
.
