 my name is . .
.
Hobbies?  my hobby is  yachting.  it's,  you know,  it's very difficult to pronounce. And the yachting is like a boat and ship and I like  the  marine sports very much.
 since I graduated from my university,  I have been doing nothing about yachting, so
 I have no place to do 
yachting.
So,  when I was a member of the university  a yachting club,   I always do a yachting in  maybe  many people call the place  the ,
  it's like a seaside area  in  Prefecture.
Yes.
 it was like   seven or eight years ago, so I  started to play yachting    the first year of my university. .
Yachting?  it's like a sports with nature.  I like  yachting has no  mobile,   I mean, like a engine motorcycle or something like that. So therefore,    yacht moves only with the  wind and  the power of nature and the power of the waves.   in anyway,    it's like a fight with the nature.
 it's very interesting.

Family?  I have a one elder sister and she is six years  older than my, and  I have father and mother, and that's all.  I am the youngest son.
Yes.
Sister?     I really love my sister.   she has taught me a lot about   how to   deal with  other people. And so I have a problem in my heart to do with    or  majority of the people. So      she is very open-minded people. So  I learned a lot from my sister.  the last October,  her baby was born,     he is only     two months old and  he is very cute. And then   since last August, I went to  United States to study English  because of the English training curriculum  in this company. So  I stayed there like four month and then so  I came back to Japan  December twenty-fourth, and it was my first time to see  her baby.
Yes, she was like a mother. 
Yes.
Yeah.
Describe? . So,  it is very shiny day and  maybe I think  this is Saturday or Sunday. It's like a weekend or  during the vacation. Many people  are relaxed and   the kids are playing the volleyball  on   the garden. And   one girl   is playing, I don't know how to call  maybe she is playing with a rope,  I'm not sure. So,  maybe they are mother or some   neighborhood so in anyway   mothers are talking each other about  everyday life or something like that. And one  guy is jogging  in front of the  houses. And  one old guy is relaxed  with reading the newspaper.
Yes.
With my neighborhood? Yes. In these days,    I don't see often  the boys playing  each other on the outside. So I mean  I guess they are playing in the inside of the house. ,  they are playing the computer game and so  it's like   maybe  five or six years ago, I think. And   these houses have a very  large garden  so   the boys and girls have a lot of opportunity to play in the outside, I think.    and the road in front of the house  is very wide and    as for my house,  we have a very small road in front of  our house. And  there is no place to play   tennis  or some sports like that.
So, it's really good place to live, I think.
So  I'm late. So, I'm sorry,  I have   a train ticket for the last train  but   I'm in a hurry to go to  the next place, so please change my   ticket to the next train.
Is that your company policy? Why? I don't understand you because   I would like to explain why I'm late. So, I have a business appointment   the last thirty minutes so  and I have next appointment in  another company  so      I have to feedback  our opinion to the next   appointment at the business meeting, so it's very big project,  I think.  maybe if we will succeed in the next business, so maybe we can   feedback to  a lot of people our money and a lot of opportunity to something, maybe. I cannot tell you about what you can do  after that. So in anyway,    it's a very big project and maybe   if you don't let me  go to the next train or don't give me a next train ticket,    you will  lost a very big  opportunity and  huge money.
Yes.
 why you are talking about the rule? Because     I understand your situation but  on the other hand, you are one of the citizen and maybe you are  like our customer. So,  please compare   which has a priority.   do you really have to keep your rule because    as I told you, it's a very very big business,  not only  for you but also for the many many people, a majority of the citizens in this city. 
.
.
Yes?
O K.
.
.
Airplane? No, actually not.
 but I had a very big  difficulty to  communicate with   American people    for example,  when I  went to a car service to rent a car,  it was very hard negotiation because  it was my first time to do that. And   I didn't know   how to rent a car. And I don't have   social  security number or something like that. . And I only had a like an international driver's license. . .
It was like a  just small piece of paper  and they don't believe, and   I think it was their first time to see the Japanese driver's license card so  maybe  they felt a lot of difficulities to deal with  my case.
One day  last week.
O K.  So the last week, I was driving a car.  I had appointment with my girlfriend, but  as  I woke up late, and   I had to go  in hurry to see my girlfriend, so I was driving a little bit faster than   before or usually. So   while I was driving on the road,  the one guy,  it was like very young guy  and maybe he didn't pay much attention on  other cars or another people.  maybe  he look like a  driving with   singing. And suddenly  when I  tried to turn left on the corner of the  road,  we hit each other.    so that young guy was  driving    motorcycle. So  but as I was in hurry,    I also didn't   pay much attention  on  motorcycle. So,  I guess  it was  my fault,  but    the young guy     said to me  something very strongly so  I get mad about that. So, even though    I felt like it was my fault,  I  replied to him very strongly. So, but    we couldn't  negotiate like   under the usual situation.  each guy,  me and  him, he  got mad very strongly. So      someone  who passed by us  called the police  instead of us.    so    after ten minutes, so the police came to us and    what  he did at first  first was   to calm down us. . Then,    because of the arrangement of the police,  finally, we  agreed with each other and  I told him    I would pay a money      for the motorcycle in order to repair.  So finally,  he understood me and   that's all.  .
 I studied in the West Virginia.
 West Virginia is like  mountain city.
No, no. There is no place to do that.
Sports?  I played soccer with my  university friends.
 no, not American, so I attended   E S L,   English as a Second Language program. So unfortunately,  I couldn't find any American student because  they don't need to  .
 but    I got a lot of friends from  South America,
 and  Middle East and  Asian countries.
Yeah, it's very unique and I learned a lot about the another  country's culture.
Yes.
 thank you very much.
