 my name is .
Yeah.
 good. But sleepy.
.
I don't know. I think I had enough sleeping time, but I don't think it's good time to get up.
 O K. So I'm junior commercial department, and now I'm major in manager accounting. So, I will study it in detail from next year. And now I am joining the club of amateur radio. It's in science division.
So I've been enjoying amateur radio club when I was junior high school.
. Kind of.
.
 O K. of course, it's a club of amateur radio, and to enjoy amateur radio, we need to get license because we use public radio wave, and after you get the license of amateur radio, you can enjoy, and at first you need antenna and transceiver, that's it. .
 O K. I think so one interest is another interest is experiment. So, we can make antenna or transceiver by ourselves, so unlike telephones we can use our own stuff. So, it's our major interest.
 but it's just a hobby so.
We don't have to study so much.
 I live in .
 no. So actually, I was born in .
And I moved to when I was in kindergarten.
So I think that is a best town so far.
So is of course city but not so big like or . So we also have nature like park. So in , we have cities, so many shops and also nature. So it's a good point of .
.
O K. So I think there it's a scene of the party. So maybe dinner. And there are three couples enjoying dinner. And one lady is playing the piano. So I think it's classic. And the boy brought the I guess it's a Beaujolais Nouveau, . Yeah, and one couple don't begin to eat yet. Maybe, so they are just enjoying their first wine. So probably, they'll start to eat after drinking. let's see. So, but nobody is dancing, so maybe this party is held in Japan.
.
Thank you.
Yeah, .
So I like American style party. so I like dancing .
So I have stayed in the States for one year. So at that time, I joined many party.
 . You mean, O K. So I think the big difference between Japanese and American culture is whether you can do what you like or not. So in Japan, when you play your own interest no so much, maybe so other people don't like you because so there is no topic to speak or something. So we sometimes call such people , and I don't think so. It's not word to respect, although they specialize in some hobby or interest. do our own interest, our own hobby, so without you know I think in the States as long as we don't prevent other's hobby or profit in the States, we can do anything. So, I think it's a big difference.
Yeah.
.
 O K.
O K.
 hello, so I've just now came back to my home, but I found so my windows are broken.
Yeah. It's too bad. So as you know, so it's winter so it's too cold, so I can't endure such cold environment, so I would like you to repair the windows as soon as possible.
.
 in such a environment.
 I will catch a cold.
Yeah. So I tried to cover so by papers, but it doesn't work. So, still cold.
Yeah. It's problem. .
Let's see. So but so after you repair the water problem, so could you repair my windows?
.
Yeah, so, O K, so, I try to ask somebody to sleep in their room tonight.
.
O K, thank you.
Bye.
 no.
 yeah. There are many problem.
So at my house, there are so many insects. So in summer,
so special insect, so we call .
 it not so popular one, but it's pretty small bug and black one. And they can fly, but they don't try to fly so much. So they usually stick to white stuff.
 so we can find them in soap or towel, the front of refrigerator, the pillow.
Yeah, it's so weird.
. Yeah.
. O K.
. . O K. so one day last week, I drove along the beach side,
 but at that time, I had a terrible accident. So, one rider bumped into my car. And unfortunately, I attacked his bike. So as a result, so his bike broke. So of course, he got angry so much, but I also got angry so because so my cart were broken, too. So we we quarreled so much. But we realized we couldn't solve the problem. So finally, we called the police. Then, we talked a lot. so but we didn't find the result, so police said so we can't change the result our bikes and cars are broken. So no my car is so big and the engine still work. So I can go back to home. But his bike didn't work no already, something. so we can't help but we need to deal with his broken bike. So we called to the repair center. And he came here. So it took one hour, so we waited so much. And as a result, he said good bye to his bike, and I can't leave him alone, so I felt sorry a little, so get on board to my car. So we had a terrible accident, but after that, we enjoyed the drive together. So since this accident, we had been a good friend.
 yes, .
 not yet.
Yeah, fortunately.
 I have seen the accident of motor .
 so actually, so one accident was in . So couldn't stop, so actually and in front of the bike, one car acrosses so quickly. So as a result, bike didn't stop and crashed. Yeah.
But a rider so was alive.
And the other happened this week, maybe.
Yeah. So I think the situation was almost same, so the rider couldn't stop.
.
 so you mean so people around the accident?
. So if I were a rider, maybe so I couldn't do anything because maybe I'm injured.
So I need help. But if I have the driver, of course hospital.
.
New Year? . So New Year, I think so I am going to to pray so with my friends.
Yeah.
. Yeah.
Thank you very much.
