Yes. My name is .
Yes, please.
I'm .
 Spring term? I have not yet but maybe I will go a short trip to around Chiba.
 . do you know Inubosaki.
 Inubosaki is near to Choshi.
 the fish is delicious.
I enjoy it. I like . The fishes. So I want to go there. 
Yes. I'm working as a freelance creator. .
I'm so mainly make C Ds computer graphics and short movie on architecture or some product.
Because before my marriage, I worked at a office manager company as a interior coordinator 
 I like freelance creator
but it's too for me.
. At first, to get the jobs are really difficult.
 and I should do everything. For example, to repair tools and tools and skills
 for my jobs by myself. when I worked at a company, I could ask many questions to my seniors but now I should .
. I like watching films on video. usually watch the big films not only our free time but also eating dinner. 
. I think this picture is the town of town. ordinary morning of this time. the man is jogging for his health these two boys are playing with all together. The girl enjoy road camping.
.
 actually, sometimes I go to the pool near my house. And everyday I use bicycle from my house to my office, so it is very good for my health. I think so.
 he doesn't do . he always sit in front of the computer and do his work, so he always says 
Yes.
 Yes.
Yes. . I'd like to go the trip abroad, but I haven't decided I haven't decided where I will go but I want to go around Europe.
 I want to enjoy drink wine. please recommend.
. It sound good but I don't like France so Italy. which cities do you me?
 I don't like the weather cold so I think the northern part of Italy is too cold for me.
. Please recommend me the cities of southern part of .
Sicily.
 I've never been there so what are there in Sicily?
.
O K. 
Thank you .
Yes. I have been about seven countries.
Memorable place. most memorable place is Scandinavian countries.
 I've been there in last October, it's our honeymoon .
. We visited Stockholm and Beckshaw and Copenhagen. in Beckshaw, there were many glass factories, we can watch the factories by ourselve.
So after that, we recall the video, at there and after our trip, we make short movie we could plays that movie.


 they are son. They met after the interval of three months they live now apart the father came near his son's town so they decided to enjoy their dinner together. They entered the restaurant. said to the waiter they wanted to sit that back end seat. After sit at the table, they waitress. After then, they enjoyed their meals. fish dish and beer. The father enjoyed the meal dish and wine. After that the father the boy full. . After that they said good-bye.
 maybe tomorrow I have to tomorrow I have to go work.
Yes. I have some meeting .

.
Thank you.
