Good afternoon.
 my name is .
Sure. 
.
 not really. It's just that my parents had to choose a name  that started with an M.
 both their names start with M. So and it's possible to like pronounce it  in English as  as in Japanese.
.
I hate it. 
Because I used to live in , and  is like sunny weather all year.
And winter doesn't get really cold like this.
It just rains a lot. It never snows.
So I hate it. 
I lived in  for  eleven years.
 .
 yeah.  with my mom.
 it wasn't like at the level my Japanese at right now.
 was more like childish kind of,
yeah. 
 yeah. Because I couldn't read any Japanese.
So  I actually learned  and  like when I came here,
which was like two years ago. 
 it was really tough just adapting to the classrooms
 I wouldn't be able to take notes and stuff like that. So I had to look at the blackboard to see .  look like words to me.
Yeah. 
 a lot better. I like learned a lot since I've come here. It's just that when you surround yourself with people that speak a certain language,  because I'm young, it's like, you just tend to adapt it easily.
So I don't know. I just kind of caught on. 
Yeah.
 I'm in the strings club. So I play cello.
And  when I don't have my clubs,  I just go home and go on the Internet. 
Cello?
 I don't know. I just actually like this  because   one of my favorite directors is Alfred Hitchcock.
 in his movies, like  you'll notice that a lot of  background music would involve cellos just  express the sound of like, the eeriness or the creepiness of this  scene.
So I got interested in that, and then so since I came here I learned that you could learn the cello. So
I said, "Hey.". 
.
Usually,  not .
I don't know. Like I have to study, and then I read lots of books because I don't know,
 I'm just trying to keep up with my English. .
Because  once you come here,  you just don't use it as much so
the best way to keep up your English is to read books and  people.
 that's what I'm trying to do.
  I  actually have it in my bag like right now.   "Cats Cradle" by Kurt Vonnegut.
It's really good.   it's like sci-fi and it's about like the end of the world or something like that.
And I like a lot of like sci-fi books. Yeah. 
 I don't know it's just kind of break from reality.
 just not</SC>  you know it'll never happen because it's about like semi-chemicals and like how they make all the oceans into ice, and stuff like that.
 but in a way, it kind of scares you because maybe that is what the world's gonna be like in the future.
 yeah, .
O K.
.
Describe it?
 it looks like a teacher is teaching a class of like  rowdy high schoolers and they're not listening to a word . Yeah.   it seems like  and she's trying to teach the math but they're just  be bored. So like one guy's looking out the window, he's like blowing bubbles. And the other people are talking and stuff like that. One person in front, . 
Yeah. Shall I describe some more?
. 
Yeah.
.
When I was in ?
.   I don't know, I went to a private school, and then it was a pretty strict private school.
 because you're not allowed to chew gum. 
,  gums are not allowed on campus so no one would be chewing gum.
 and cell phones. We didn't have cell phones much 
like cell phones here are very fads because they have color screens.
And they have this you can do so much on them. But over there, it's like tiny thing, black and white . All you can do is call. 
They didn't even have like messages back then. 
so you never find a girl like  own a cell phone like this.
And then I don't know, otherwise it looks quite the same except  the guy  listening to music.
He get kicked out school if .

.
 I like it a lot.
 actually I grew up with the uniform because I went to private school all my life.
But the difference between  uniform in like America or the schools I went to
and schools here is that in  my schools, you would be able to choose. So  you'd have to wear a white top or white shirt,
but otherwise you can wear anything that was khaki.
So you could wear khaki pants or khaki skirt or anything like that. Here it's more, you have to wear a blazer and you have to wear the skirt.
But compare to other schools, I've noticed that it's a lot more . And that you can wear any colored shirt you want. .
Yeah. Plus they're not strict about like nail polisher or earrings and stuff like . 
Yeah.
O K.
O K.
I'm kind of not sure what this means. Like do I have to explain to you why I can't come to the party?
Can it be  any sort of
anything? O K.
Let's see. .
.
 .
O K.
Sure.
Hello.  I'm calling about a dinner party.
 I'm sorry but I can't come to the party tonight.
 it's something  that's happened. It's out of my control. But I'm not  gonna be able to make it.
  I'm really sorry about this happening and
 telling about the situation so late, but I hope to be able to be put into your future plans.

  my car broke down on the side of the road. . .
.
Yes. I can't seem to find a gas station  that'll be able to fix my radiator. .
Yes.
Is that right? 
 no.
 if I can, I'll try and catch a bus or some kind of adversative like
public transportation. But if I can't, I'm really sorry but I don't think I'll be able to make it within the hour.
That's actually a good idea. 
Can I tell you where I'm at?
I'm at a corner of  First Street.
 Can you please come pick me up, I'm by the gas station if that's possible? 
 I'll try. 
.

 not so much. 
Yeah.  I don't know. They're O K, but usually I'd rather stay home and   like leave my afternoon quietly. 
Yeah. It's nice to be with like a group of people, like a  group.
I'd like to hang out with like maybe four or five friends.
 just  room with people, I tend to feel like insecure. .
That was a long time ago.
 was like when I was thirteen. 
 it was a Barmitzva.
. But that is  in a Jewish religion, when you turn thirteen, you have a party
that like shows like that you become an adult.
And so first you have the ceremony  and then now it's becoming pretty commercial like materialistic thing to have a party right after.
And with this big audio they usually have at a hotel or something. And so the last  I went to was like at this big hotel. They had a theme.
I think a theme was like  like sports stars or something like that. So on each table they had huge thing  like a big sequent panel
with  like a caricature of  a famous player.
Like it could be Michael Jordan or something like that.
And everyone  would be asked to wear jerseys and
. .
It was fun though.
All right.
.
One day last week. .
 . Can I start anytime?
Can I start like right now?
Or can I have a moment to like think about it?

All right.  one day last week, two sisters named Julia and Maria decided to go out camping because it was such a nice weather. So they packed up their car with  it's like not all their belongings, but just normal camp things like  things for barbecue and a package tent so that they could pop it up. Once they arrived at the place, which was, I think, national park, they decided to put up their tent and got their stew ready. And did just fine till they felt drops of rain coming down on them. And so Julia panicked saying, " my God, there's a storm coming.".  and then the other sister were like, " no, it's all right. I think we'll be O K," until huge cast of rain came. It was actually a storm. So all their things, the tent's blown away including  all the barbecue things. So they rushed into their car  and drove away while lightning is coming down on them. And then they just happened to pass by a hotel. And they decided, " since we can't go camping tonight, why don't we just stay at this hotel since we can't .". And so they stopped by at the hotel and had a quiet evening unfortunately in a hotel instead of enjoying the great outdoors. 
Yeah.
 it's good for them if they like you know, nature and stuff like that.
 in a way, I like nature, too.
But  I don't think I can ever go camping. 
I don't know.   I have like a big problem with like insects and .
And so   like this past  like couple of weeks, I went to New Zealand and then 
part of our trip was to go out to the beach and then camp out there.
And which was really tough because  like you had to sleep on the sand and then you have all the mosquitoes around you. It was like really unpleasant for me. So it's like a big relief when I came home. And I was like, " finally, a shower.". 
Yeah.
Just visit a friend of mine.
Yeah.
.
O K.
No, I think I'll just head home.  I think I should write an essay  I  some homework to do.
So yeah. 
.
All right.
