 I'm .
Fine, thank you. And you?
  I'm an  engineer of  the company,  and   its work is  to  establish   the plant of       garbage treatment.  So and  my job is    research  and  development of   the treatment of  waste.    and   all the day I  attended the meeting     of one of the  plant of  research.
Yes.  .  
   so about me    one of the difficult things  is    to imagine   how to  construct   the facilities  for it contains  the machinery,  and  and   energy supply. So  I have to  mix  them,  and    I have to find the best way to  join them.
Hobby.  O K.  one of my hobbies is  driving.  every weekend I drive my car  to  somewhere  I want to go. For example,   last weekend, I went to   skate rink.   the object of the drive  is not only driving, but playing hockey.  so  after reaching there, I played  the game.   and after this, I went straight home  because  that was  midnight.
.
  it's a scene of  dinner. And     a man and a woman  are     started dinner.          and so  they're having  wine,   I guess  the wine.  and the time is seven o'clock, I guess P. M.  and there're    nine person here, and    six person  are    guests.  and  one   woman are playing piano.  and  rest two person is  a member  of the restaurant.
.    the most different thing  is      of course, the    view of the   floor.  and the restaurant I usually go  is   cheaper than it.  and   this restaurant is  wider than  that I usually go to.  and   the clothes  they wear is  more formal   than I am usually    when I go to  the restaurant. So   in the restaurant I usually go  to    nobody plays piano.
.
 Hello.  this is .
 how are you today?
 yeah. I'm too fine, thank you.   so   nowadays have you ever   be to    movie theater?
    sorry,   is there any movie  you want to watch?
 so I know about one movie,   and it's very  interesting.  and   I'm sure you enjoy it. So I want you to  accompany  with me  to watch this.  so      are you available  next weekend?
O K. So  the movie  is   the  love comedy movie.  do you like this?
.     I know  about   another interesting movie.     what kind of  movie do you like?
 action movie.  so O K.   I  I know about  the exciting action .
So  would you like to go  to watch this?
So  O K.     so but  are you free next Saturday afternoon?
 O K.   so     I want to  watch  this movie  with you. So    I want to  wait for you at  Takadanobaba Station      on two P. M.
 is it O K?
.  .
Bye-bye.
 I like going to the movie  better  because   in this theater,    its' exciting,    and there're big sound.    it  directly    comes to me. And I like the big screen.    and    many people are with me  in watching  a movie. So    I feel that   I'm sharing  the     exciting  movie   with them.     it's very enjoyable for me.
   sorry,    is six to  picture    last Saturday?
Yes.  O K.  at first,    if it's me.   I was   my way so   I asked       elderly person     where  the restaurant  I wanted to go was.  so  he told me very kindly.  so      sorry, I entered  the restaurant.   and then,      the man I asked  was the person     I have to eat with.    so  we entered  together.     and      an elderly  person  asked     the clerk       where we     had to   have dinner.    so we were introduced  where     we were supposed to have dinner.  and we ordered  the dinner.  and   after  the dishes were served,  we enjoyed the dinner. And  after this,   the  elder person treated  the dinner.  so   I was  satisfied with this dinner.   and    after we went out  the restaurant,  I said good-bye to  the  elderly person, and went home.
No.
So  after   I go home,   there is a restaurant there.  I live in   the dormitory so there is a restaurant, and a   cook   is   making dinner.
 Yeah,    there is a cook .
Thank you.
You're welcome.
