My name is .
Yes.
Fine thank you.
.
Yes.
. So so because I don't like hot days.
. in the afternoon, I almost stay inside my room because outside is very hot.
I stay inside of my room, and always put my air conditioner.
 I read books or watch T V or movies or touch my personal computer or something.
Yes.
 I enjoy surfing internet and use my personal computer for writing my essay or some sentences, like diaries.


Watch home pages or do chat or something.
 I don't have some particular favorite site but I often look news site and my friends home page and might B B S.
. It's better because I can know the news very suddenly.
.
But yes, by internet I can know the news as soon as it happens.
 I think it's a picture of some restaurant.
And people are wearing dresses and boy wears tie and all of the customer couple. And they were enjoying their dishes. And end the restaurant, there's a piano and a woman is playing piano and next to the piano, there is a big clock and the time is seven o'clock, maybe in the evening.
Yes.
 I usually go to the restaurant we can enjoy both dishes and liquor.
 and not very high price.
. My favorite one is called "Habu" like "Habu" is English pub.
And we don't have to pay charge,
and we can drink cocktail bar reasonable price.
 my friend told me and to go "Habu" with her.
Hello. I want to go to New York by train, as soon as possible. And what's train is fastest to go to New York?
How much is it?
 it's too expensive . I want go New York by less than one . So, what train sould I take?
Then, how long does it take to go to New York?
O K. Then, I will take two hundred dollars for express train.
Yes.
 thank you.
Yes.
Country, or?
 first I check how much I have. And then, find. it's important the place has many sightseeing spots and I like shopping so I want to go the place where I can enjoy shopping a lot.
And the price of things are not very high.
 Once more, please.
 that I cannot buy in Tokyo in foreign country or somewhere. Yes. That is the reason.
For example, clothes or some almost clothes or bag or shoes or something.
O K. One day last week, a woman open her refrigerator but found there were nothing in her refrigerator. so, she bought many things. . She looked around in the supermarket and bought egg and some canned food or meat. And she paid money and put her baggage in the trunk of her car and go back to her house. And she made sunny side egg and cooked maybe soup or something. And she could eat good lunch.
Yes.
. Yes. Maybe it's alike.
. Near my house, there is an Asian thing shop.
There are many bags made by straw or many many tableware or dishes.
And I can buy there by reasonable price.
Yes. The shop is not big but they are full of things.
I bought my mobile phone strap .
Yes. Very good shop.
Yes.
. Not so special, because I used money a lot so now I have little money. So in my summer vacation, maybe I go back to my home town and yes, I want to stay my home town.
In prefecture.
Yeah. .
Maybe.
Thank you very much.
