Good afternoon.
My name is .
Yes.
Fine, thank you.

 it's very fun.  And 
similar to the American school that I been to.
. .
So I feel at home. .
 .
 there're a lot of people from different countries.  And  as the name itself ,  you to  speak with  people from different countries with different back grounds, learn about culture, language, and  meet    foreign teachers also.  So  you can get many information
about different countries.
After school.  right now   I'm applying for college, so usually study in the library.
But when I was in second grade,  I was in the wind ensemble club.
   play an instrument. The trumpet. So  after school I usually go to the club activities until like  seven o'clock.
.
Band.     the band itself? The club?
  there's  roughly   forty students in the club.  usually play,  I wouldn't call it classic but  more pop. And   then we're gonna have  a spring concert on the twenty-eighth of  March.   And  the  conductor   is an O B   from ,   the school before  was built.
The former school. 
And, yeah,  he comes and conducts and  it's a lot of fun. 
Yes.

.
I started it when I was in fourth grade in America.   I've always liked  musical instruments. And  I really like loud noises.  So  I chose the trumpet.  And it looked really cool. So  been playing it for nine years  now.
 . Not bad.
Yes.
.  my mother's a jewelry designer. Yes. And  my father is an architect. And  they moved  eighteen years ago  to America because of my father's  company.  And  my father goes to  , which is an  pretty big architectural company. And   yeah,        very unique. 
  both of them are really unique.  . 
. .     .

.

 in general? ?
In .
   this picture is  on a ski slope,  there's one, two, three, four, seven people.  six people skiing, one person is snowboarding.  And four kids are playing a snowball fight. And there are two people in the lodge  drinking some beverages.   there is one ski instructor   probably  teaching these  five skiers  how to ski.   .  I guess that's about it.
Yes, I do.
 I do snowboarding.
Yes.

Skiing. I've never tried skiing. 
.  snowboarding.
   I don't know.    I was never really interested in   winter sports.
But   I saw  E S P N in America, which is a sports channel.
They had a  snowboarding half-plate tournament    it's literally  half a pipe. 
Then  you do tricks and  I was really interested in that by  watching that show.
So then I started off .
 no.  Too busy studying. 
Yes.
Last year.  last year, I didn't have money .
.
When I was in first year in high school.
Yeah.
 I went with two friends,  they're both guys.  And we went to  Nozawa Onsen. And  took a  night bus to the  place.  We stayed there for three nights,  I think.  yeah.  one of my friend was a beginner, snowboarding.  So  we had to teach him. But  we  made him go to the  expert level. 
 like  try. And   he got better. And  after he  fell a lot of times. .   it was fun.

 O K.

O K.
O K.
 yes.  I missed my train  this morning because   the  local train stopped. And  I would like my  reserve tickets   exchanged with another ticket or maybe  get  my money back.
. But  I have a business appointment  in two hours and I really need a ticket to get there.  is there any way?
Buy another ticket. .     is there any way?  can I exchange the tickets?
  first,  I  woke up late.  And   I ran to the  local station but the train wasn't coming. And  I asked the station master. But  they said they had an accident,  nearby station. And   he said the train wouldn't  start working till thirty minutes or so. And    I tried to hurry but   missed this train.

? .    can I do that now? ?
  what's the next fastest  train?
Two hours.    O K.   I'll take that ticket and  I'll call my office to  change the time of the meeting.
.
Thank you.
 .
 my father, when we were on a family trip,  he missed  our plane because    my father forgot the time.  And   we tried to get the next  fastest plane ticket. But we had to wait another day because all the reservations were full. So   I had another day to enjoy the place. 
 alone. No, I haven't.  actually,  I've been on a plane alone. Because  when I was living in America, my sister was going to college in Japan. I was visiting my sister. So  I had a chance to go on a plane by myself.
But  I haven't been to a place all by myself.
Last week.
 one day last week,  Tom was driving his car   to his office  morning. And    the opposing lane,  Chris was on his motorcycle. And  while he was driving, he was making a call to his girlfriend.  And   as Tom was trying to make a left turn,   Chris's cell phone hit his  side mirror and  crashed into the back part of his motorcycle.  So  he stopped. They had an argument that  Tom wasn't looking when he was turning  his car. And Chris wanted his bike to be repaired with his money.  So  eventually they called the police.  And  Tom told the officer  that Chris was calling on the phone while he was driving and that he was  not driving safely.     so the police officer gave  Chris the ticket  for not driving safely and  his bike was towed away.
No, I don't.
 maybe in America. Not in Japan.
Because  there are a lot of traffic jams. And I think  the train system, subway and railway, and the bus system is very  convenient. So I think it's just a waste of money  to pay for   the automobile and like the  gasoline payments. . 
 they go to driving school. 
And   actually in high school, they have a driving class,   you could get   the license before the permanent one.   so you could either  get at least  the  license in high school or you can commute to a driver's school
and get your license there.
.    I think    it's bad.      I haven't actually been on a road in Japan so  I'm not really sure, but as I look at people from the sidewalk,  I see people shaving  in the car. I see people talking on the phone  or throwing cigarettes out the window.  And   I think that's very dangerous. Since     there're  a lot of  so I think they should be more careful.
 Thank you.
. .
.
.
Maybe, yes. 
 very much.
