My name is .
, forty-four years old.
I'm from . I'm   from  ward.
No. I've  lived and worked in     for about fifteen years and came back from  to  last year.
.
.   I was originally born and raised in . That's my hometown. So that's why I came back, and, you know,  you like hometown, don't you?
.
. .
 in  and  as well.
For six years.
.
But that was a long time ago. So, you know,   my English is getting worse. 
My hobby? My goodness.  I like to work out. Now  I go to a fitness gym  twice a   week. And I used to do the flower arrangements.
And  I like to dance.
Tap-dancing.
.
.  you just said?
. Unusual?   I should say so, yes. It is unusual.
.   it's fun.   really fun, and  you dance in a group. And  you get to  demonstrate once a year, if you belong to a certain group.
But that was when I was  living in , and I'm trying to find a good class
in . It is very difficult. There are not so many good classes
 studio.  stadiums    in  ?
.  as I told you,  I went to the United States. And, before that, I was attracted the American culture.
And, especially,  even before that, I went to the United States.    I'd like to  work out. And   I like to  do the exercise, and, especially I love to dancing.
. This is  the scene of the room. Perhaps, the private room of the lady,   maybe,  study room. And  now  she is show her personal computer, but she is sitting at the desk in front of the computer. And she has two pets. One cat on the bed and a dog  lying on the floor. And she has the  audio set and several books in the bookshelf. And  I don't know what she is doing. But,  perhaps, she's a writer or a translator or something. Maybe, she works at home.
 This is similar to my room except for two pets. I don't have pets. . And,   even if I had pets or companion animal, if you may say, I would not have them inside of my room or even in the house.
. Because my father is a medical doctor. And  he doesn't like to have the animals inside of the house
 what you call it,     for the reasons that he think,  that may affect his work.
Because he practices at home.
Yes, I do.
  I use it for   translation purposes. Sometimes, I do the part time work  by translating
something.
And I do have to  prepare the assignments that   I'm given by the  that I go.
. Yes, of course.     it helps me to shorten the  preparation time.  but there is other minor part,  which is I tend to forget the Chinese  Japanese characters.  that's a minor part.
. .
Hello, this is .   I have a problem at home. I just came back from work. And I found  that the window is broken. And, would you do something about it, please?
. Isn't there anybody  who you can ask  and   send someone up here?
.    and, you see,  I live alone, and  the window  is broken and have to work tomorrow. And what happens,  if somebody comes in, and  I get brought something,  and, even somebody,  comes in and do something to,  it hurt me when I came back again.
But tomorrow night is a long time.  .     I cannot wait until tomorrow night   in times of emergency. .  this is Japan, but,  in the United States, you might be sued by me, if something happens to me.    or, can you reduce to ?
I can try have some tools. But, you see,  maybe, I have to find shop to replace the window that may cost some money. And  don't have.  it's  eight o'clock. And   is</SC>   I don't think A T M is working. So, please come and help me.
Thank you.
.
. I did.
 . ?
 my god.   .  that was a studio in . And  it was   at the toilet. The bathroom was a tiny room.   .   what can I say,  behind the toilet, there was a little shelf, and I had a little bottle of a perfume. And, for some reason, by accident, the bottle  dropped inside of the toilet.     and the land owner lives on beneath. And I called her up and asked her, if  she can do something about it, because  the  toilet were not flush. It will take some time to flush. And I was afraid if the water would come up,  and  the floor would be flooded. But  the  landlady told me   to wait until   next morning. So I said O K. And, around midnight,  all of the sudden,  I heard the sound  of the knocking, "". And I went to the door, and there was a lady and her husband   with a bucket.  and  ,  . And I was living on the fourth floor, and  what they told me was that  the ceiling  on the third floor was broken down  the water went down to the third floor.
So  that was what happened. And   was terrible.
.
.
. Last week, a gentleman was on his way to his company. And there is other man, a young man who was  on the bike,  talking on the portable telephone  to his girlfriend. And, at some corner,  I think that  the man  who was on his way to his workplace in a automobile was turning to the left. And, at that point,   the rider of the bike hit and there was an accident.  and rider of the bike dropped his   mobile telephone. And there was an arguments between these two  gentlemen. .  the rider of the bike  seems to be   accusing  the rider of the automobile because of the  damage  that his bike received and the damage  of his mobile telephone. . Naturally, what happened in a number five because     I don't believe that    you can use the damage telephone to call up the police. But police is there   and trying to hear the story     from the driver  of the car who seemed to have hit the bike. And     a agency or police called up this other agency, and  they  took the damaged   bike to somewhere for  their purpose. And I don't know what happened to the other gentleman.
No.
I didn't have to have an automobile because I lived in , and they had subways and buses. And you don't want to drive in a traffic jam in .
I think the  has the terrible transportation's system, especially around  area. .  . With the traffic light system, you know,     police authority should have sort of the smooth flow of  the traffic, which I don't believe they did. .  the United States,  I think it's just there are rough,  driving and many  automobiles    especially, in  . But drivers are good at driving  in the United States,  compared  I think, to the Japanese .
Because I think   they get  the drivers license  at the very young age. And they are used to driving.
.
.
Anything. 
Any order I take.
I would take any order . But I'm interested in a  publication translation. But it's  difficult to get the opportunity to do the  translation of the publications.
, I have. . When I was working for companies, , I worked for  several foreign affiliate companies, and,   into</SC>  what you say,  I was public relations manager, you know, also did some translation and interpreting work for executives.
But  I did that under the  payroll.      and I did sometimes    translating work, part-time. But I'm trying to find a job,  translations work.
, yes.
. 
 you very .
. O K.
