Hi.
My name is .
.


I've caught a cold.
I'm fine, yeah.
 I'm in, it's .
I play  the Japanese string instrument called .
And I'm in that club.
 when I was in middle school, some of my friends were playing that instrument.
And I had a chance to play with them, so I was  kind of interested in it. So
I decided to  the club.
 we basically play the instrument and  most of the songs are Japanese songs like "".
And all the other kind of   
but it's really hard to play it.
.
 I live in .
 not . .
Yes, .
 I live with my parents and I have a little brother.
And he's in elementary school.
. 
 like  we always fight a lot.
And  yeah, he  kind of kicks me a lot. 
.
 not really.
But if I travel, I like using the trains.
Not the shinkansens but like the normal trains.
.     when I lived in the U S,
 I went to the Grand Canyon with my family.
And I really loved  the landscapes.
It was really beautiful.
.
Yes.
 about three years ago.
It was really different, I mean, the school gave us a lot of homework  the school in Japan.
And it took me a lot of time to finish everything. .
I was really busy.
I think I became really lazy
 
because  maybe it was only my middle school but they didn't give us much homework.
So we really had a lot of free time to play  so .
That's  hard to say.  I really like my life in the U S but I was too busy so  the schools in U S gave us no time to play and have fun on our own. Maybe it was better to stay in the U S because we had more time to  study a lot.
And giving us homework, I think, that's something that we have to do.
So I think I prefer the U S

  the teacher is teaching mathematics. But most of the students are not listening to her.
The boy besides  no, no, not  window,  the hallway, 
 is chewing gum. And the girls in the back seat are talking. And one boy is drinking juice.
And the girl in the front is using her cell phone. I think she's mailing to her friend or someone.   and I think there's only one person who's really actually listening to the teacher.

 I think most of the people are  listening to the teacher
in my class.
But  I'm sitting in the front seat so I can't see the back.
 about it
  but actually we do talk a lot .
But not that much.

Yes, .
The school uniforms  of this school?
 I think it's O K. But   I don't know,  some people are saying that they want to wear their normal clothes  school.
. 
  I think it's pretty O K.
Yeah.
Yeah.


Yeah.
 I couldn't get on the train that I was supposed to get on because  the traffic was really  crowded  and  to change my ticket with another one.
.     can I buy another one or can I get the money back
 ticket?
 .  We can't change it even  the traffic was crowded?

  
 I did leave home  that I would be able to get to the station
on time.
But I used the bus.
  not exactly the bus but the  street were really crowded. 
 it's having a construction.
Yes. And we couldn't get through the street smoothly and I couldn't get to the station.
 .
Yes. 
 when I was coming to school,
 I think somebody fell from the platform.
Yes. And the train stopped for like thirty minutes.
So I couldn't  arrive in time for school.
So I had to miss the first period.
I'm not sure about that but I heard the ambulance coming, so I'm .
O K.
 One day last week, two girls decided to go camping.
And they started packing their things. And they  put  all their things in the car. After they arrived,  they built the tent and started making stew.
But suddenly it started to rain. And they had to go back home. They went in the car but the wind was really strong and also their things blew away.
Because they couldn't go home, they decided to  go to a hotel.
And actually, the storm was getting so harder, so they couldn't go home. And as they were driving, they saw a hotel.
So they decided to go there. And   they checked in the hotel. And they got a room and they had tea there.

 I would definitely use a train.
And   I think I would go to the sea rather than the mountains.
  maybe  just kind of swim or go around the places, like if they have a museum or something out there, I like to go there, too.

   if you wanna go somewhere  by car, I think you would always use the highway.
And most of the highways have really  big walls around and we can't really see   all the landscapes.
But  use a train and if it's not like those fast shinkansen trains, we can see all the trees and the mountains and all those
landscapes, so I think that's one thing that's really good about normal trains.
  not really. I have to go home and finish my homework.
Yes, .

.
