. My name is .
Yes.
Nice to meet you.
 yes. I'm busy recently because I have,  many reports to write and some examinations ,  have to prepare for. 
 I had a piece of part-time job. But I,    make a rest,  recently,   for three months because I have to prepare  for my,  examination.
 .  maybe it's hard to me because, you know, I'm not Japanese but my major is Japanese literature. So I had to,  try my best to   make up others. 
 yes.  Maybe Christmas party or New Year's party  Yes.
  I haven't got any,       invitation from my friends. So maybe    I am planning to have a Christmas Eve with my girlfriend.
 yes.   I met her,  a month ago. Then we,   went to Kawaguchi Lake,    after we gone there, we both   went out for,  walking, and next day morning, we went out to see the sunrise. So I found that   maybe she fits me . So   after we,  return back,  I'm   make appointment to her if  I'm free.
. Yes, I think,  her character  is the most,   interesting part. I like it very much for her always calm down to face anything.

Yes.   Shall I describe this?
. I think this maybe   like, in  the Akihabara  of Tokyo.   The boy    went to the shop. .   he want to  find something he wanted to buy. Maybe,   watch  the telephone or others. But he didn't know which is the best so  he asked the assistant of the shop.  And  the assistant, you know, he always said  that this  is very bad but this  is more better, and nothing,  bad. So      the boy maybe,  is worry about the price for the productions. So  he ask  the assistant of  shop, but,   the assistance said to him that,   the most important thing is the quality, not the price. 
 yes.  it's  very  difference between,  Chinese programme and Japanese programme. You know,   interesting thing is that,   we can see  something not,        cannot be seen in   net,  from,  Japanese programme, for example    you can see the,  trip show from the,  Japanese programme. Yes, I saw it yesterday evening.  not limited in ,  so I think that also,  many other difference between them.
Yes.
Thank you.
O K.
Hello. This is  .
Yes. I'm fine, thank you. And you?
 Yes, I think I'm free this evening, so   I wonder if  you are free to go  to the cinema with me.
. So I plan to have a dinner with you before we go to the cinema.  And what do you think about it?
O K. And,     would you like to,   meet me  at the Shinjuku Station?
I'll go now by,    Tozai  Lines. And maybe,  it's O K I'll  wait for you and   East  Entrance  of the Shinjuku Station's.
Is it O K?
Yes.
  Really?  you don't know how to get there?
. O K. Which line you take?
 O K.  so  I can meet you at the form of the Yamanote.
Is, is now O K?
O K. So,    see you later.
Bye-bye.
Thank you.
 .  but  I want to go to the cinema with my girlfriend.
 You mean the film?
 I like to see the,   film of western countries.    you know, boys always like to see action's  and girls always,  like to see the film   about,  loving or others. I don't know,   which one  my girlfriend want to see.   But I'll ask her  this weekend.   O K. Nice.
O K.
 may I begin?
Yes.     one day last week,  my friend,    Miss Tomoko,       she was freed of company so she  returned back to home. After,   she  get back home, she found that,  there's nothing  in her,  , refrigerators. So she decided to  ,  go to the market to buy something. She drove to  the    supermarket and pick up,     ,  food, ,  which she was   favorite of it, for example,   and   egg, and hamburger and so on.    after  she decided on these thing she wanted to buy, she,  count,  money  of those food , and took,   receipt of them. So ,  she took all these food into the back part of her mini car. So she drove back. And , after she arrived at home, ,   she,     took out his coat and she began to cooking. So, you know,   now you can see   , the picture of my friend Tomoko,  she is,  very satisfied at,   what she is cooking.
Thank you.
. Yes, I like,   and  . But,  I like  better than  because, you know,  Chinese always don't like to eat the fresh fish. They always   fried   all of food.   I had a part-time job in a restaurant  as a cooker. I did the,    and , so  I know   ,  how to make them.  It's very interesting thing, I think, know   what I make, normally,   ,    delicious. 
Yes, this weekend,  my friend,   of this university, he called me yesterday. He said,  "tomorrow we'll have a party in the  Station," so they wanted   to eat together at the barbecue  restaurant.
But I don't like the restaurant because I have gone to there. I found   it doesn't taste very good.
So,  maybe   I'll  go out for have a dinner with my girlfriend. .

Thank you very much.
