 my name is .
Nice to meet you.
   I'm fine. But  I caught a little cold.
.  I have  throat ache.
No.
 my hobby is  listening to music. So   now I usually  listen to music in my free time.
I like rock and Japanese pops.
 I have no idea why. I feel  rocks and pops is very nice.
   I hear the information from my friends or T V or radio.
Yes.  I work  in a bar.  today  I have  work.
 that's very hard and   in the bar I cook some foods. The cooks is very difficult for me.  Because  I haven't cook   before starting this job.
  I found this job by  magazine of job, the title is 'From A'.
Yes. But very hard.
  I have see this.
 Express this?    on this card the cat is sleeping and  near this girl women  are talking and one of the womens    have a dog   and  these dogs are  watching each other, and very very cute. And   this man is jogging and   he looks  very  tired and   near this  the two boys are play with a ball.
And maybe they play volleyball.
I live in .
But my hometown is .
 This picture is very   broad, but   near my house that's very confused because  many houses are crowded.    I think  I'd like to live like this picture.
O K.
 I'd like to buy a ticket for New York.  but   I have no idea   where I should buy the ticket.
 How much this ticket?
 . O K. But I don't know  where I should  get the train.
 I'd like to go New York as possible as cheap.
Cheap one.
. So   I'm going to buy the local train ticket.
 Thank you.
Yes.
  first    my house in  to the nearest station  I use a bus   and when I reach to station  the station is  Station and   I get on a train and the line is  Line and  about  one hour and ten minute after  I reach to  and    when I reach to the  Station   I change trains  to  subway,  Line and about  thirty minutes after   I change train  again and I get on  Line.
Yes.
So  my house in  to   , its takes about two hours and twenty minutes.
Yes.  One day last week   I open the refrigerator and  see the  inside but there is no foods, so  I went to the  supermarket by car and I bought some foods       and  many foods and I   brought  this foods to cashier and  I pay money.  that's very expensive   because  I bought many many foods and   after that I  brought the foods to my car and  then  after that  I cooked many foods  that's very fun.
 no   near my house there is no supermarket   I can go on foot.
.  I go to supermarket  nearest but on foot by twenty minutes so I use bicycle.  I always use it when I go to supermarket.
No. But I have a part-time job.
Thank you.
