 my name is .
.
Nice to meet you, too.
 no.      I was sleeping,  before  this test.   And,    yesterday,   I had a party of my circle, , so I was very tired, so  ,  I've sleeped,   very  quickly  yesterday.
   yesterday circle is a,    listening music circle.    the members of this circle likes a classic music and audios. .  Some members are like a rock or techno, and jazz.
     I like play the guitar so I like rock very much.
   I have so many,  stars of my  impression. So,     in a England,  a  guitarist named Richard James is my favorite star.  his lyric is very sadly and literaturely and    he's  standing on stage is very,   impressionable and, so,        he didn't have a good skill of guitar.   ,  but  when he  had a guitar and  he and his guitar,    have a aurora.
 no. I'm  live with my family.

  my family is four members,  mother, father and a little sister. And,     my sister is,  a member of junior high school. And     her class is     now,   she will have a  examine for high school,  in March,  or February, so  maybe she will study hard.
.
 .   there is a   big house and the house has          two storey's  building. And,  in front of  this house,    there is a  big road and  the road is not crowded.   there is only one car   on the road. And,    there is a cat on this car. And car is color is white. And in front of this car  there is two women    talked each others. And  one woman    maybe one woman,      has  for a walk with her dog.   and  there is three children,   , one girl and two boys. And two boys  playing with a ball.  it's like a volleyball. . And there is two dogs.  two dogs,   watch each other. .           I think  two dog is a not angry. Maybe they are   funny,   because their tail is    throwing.   and   weather is a sunny. And  this  season may       ,  late of spring    or summer.     because  there are so many green in a tree.
 I live in a downtown,  called, ,    so there is a          too many a  building of a      so my town is very crowded. And  there are too many little  street. .  So   just like  between house and house,  small road   just like a spider's house. So   we  don't have a view like this picture.
 
All right. .   hello.
, this is   talking. .
 hi.     do you have planning in this afternoon?
 good.    I want to go to  movie now. So I want to  you to  join me.
  thank you. So,         I want to take a dinner   after  to see a movie. So,    so  how about you?
      I know a good restaurant of Chinese   be close to  movie theater. So  I introduce you this restaurant.
And   but   the movie theater is a little far,   so       we should go   quickly.    so   sorry, what time is it?
Yes.
.  maybe,    movie will start at   three forty.       so     please go my house,   as quickly as you can.  ,   and   after  you come to my house  we'll go to   there with a subway.
. .
Thank you.
.     I like, but,  I don't have a much money, so I don't go to a theater. But I member in Wowwow, so I can see a movie in a T V.
 yes.
.
.
.            this boy is a  college student.      he enter in college this year. So     he have a first year of university. And,   this girl is  his old friend.     he and her   is in a      same junior high school. But she  go to    another town       when they in a high school time.   so now      he has a free time.  Because he don't study very much. He want to  enjoy   university life. So,  he called  her. And     and he  and her         going to a date. .  So   and    this is a autumn,  autumn   so he get a  driver's license in this summer.  but   but he don't have his car. So he,  get on a his mother's car for this date.    but his mother's    like is,  very   colorfully.   so the car's color is very   fasionable.   so ,    he  mind this color  in his mind, but,   he is a   cool. So  in the confusion,    face is . And  ,  they going to,   zoo.       they lived       near the zoo  when they in a high school.  so      they went this zoo in a high school's,   event.          and she likes   zoo very much.  she like a animal with a    many   hairs, like a white bear and bears and  panda.   and she likes lion, too.         when they  were  in a  junior high school,     they had a drawing event,  for  school. So this boy,      had drawed  a monkey. So they talk about  a time of     in this event. 
 so         so after   they go out of zoo,  he said,  "Shall we go to see our old school?". So,   please ,  let's go.". But she said, "  the school is here not there".
 no. . My class,  ended  this Wednesday.
 yes. But,     I have,   many report and test in January, so I don't have a winter vacation.

Thank you very much.
