 My name is .
Yes.
I think I'm fine. 
 bit chilly though.
I came from . I was at my university. I'm handing in some papers.
  my major is Shakespeare. Mainly in  history during eighteenth and nineteenth century Briton.
 I graduated high school in Canada.
 as a curriculum, I studied Shakespeare.
 especially "King Lear" interested me so  it was at my last  in high school, so I decided to study English literature in Japan
since I was going back to Japan.
 also  at that point my  strongest point was using English, so it came like a natural .
Yes.
  because both of them has good points and both of them have the  negative points.
 the good point of Canada is it has a very nice  summer weather.
Quite cool. And   it has more breathing space than  because of the width of the country. And the better side of Japan is, of course my mother tongue is Japanese, so I won't have to think that much
using the language.
I'm from .
Yes.
Yes.
   my mother currently lives with me and so does my brother and my dog. And my father right now lives in 
because he was transferred to  about four years ago.
No. Because  university
 I can only visit him  twice a year.
During summer and during winter.
.
 it's quite hot.
Although    the weather in the morning and the evening is quite pleasant because it's surrounded by mountain.
But  on daytime it is quite hot. And  since  it is one of the  countrysides in Japan you need a car to     go around.
 no. I have a  but I haven't drove a car for about six years .
 my mother would not .
I usually go out with my friend,
go window shopping
 I  usually read .
 it depends but  usually  around Odaiba or
 Shibuya.
  because of the huge . It's easy to go around because     it has two huge malls. You could go into either one. And then you can spend a day
just going around . .
.
O K.  a lady lives in this room with her dog and cat. The room, it looks quite spacious but somewhat old-fashioned because it has a typewriter. And right beside it has a personal computer. And she seems that she's enjoying herself. And also there is a  stereo and a phone so it doesn't look like an apartment but it seems that she lives with her family.
And also   her pets seems to  enjoying staying in her .
.
 yes.
 he came from one of the breeders at the  and he came to our house when I was in junior high school.
Quite small.
But  after a year, he went to Canada with our family. So he stayed there till he was five.
So it seemed that he enjoyed  running around the huge yard. 
Yes.
Yes.
 he had to be in a quarantine for two weeks and it was in the middle of the summer, quite hot. And we were quite worried about his health.
    all of the family would have  something to talk about. And whenever we felt  like depressed, we could just look at the dog and it would probably go . 
So
 that's the advantage.  especially in my family, my father lives quite far away and he  seldom comes back. And me and my brother is both university students so we don't stay around in our house quite a long. So
it's very hard to find a common topic to talk about.
.
.
O K.
Yes.   I bought this reservation ticket for the train but  the subway that I took to came here was delayed by an accident
and therefore, I was not able to catch the reservated train.
And could you give me an exchange because    the subway company gave us a slip of paper that explains that  my lateness or my delay is not by my own fault?
Really. But it's funny because   train company is  in the same company with the subway.
And since the same company gave me the slip of the  what is it, the proof of delay,
 it's  strange that I cannot get an exchange.
   then is it possible to get a refund?
But this is a quite unusual .
Since the accident could have been prevented, especially it was a suicidal  accident.
And if  how should I say, the staff
of the company
looked at the  platform quite ,
you could have prevented it.
Really. 
I'll give you a paper and you could phone the company.
.
Yes, I will.
.
No.    especially the  area I lived in was 
and there was only one train. And the nearest  strain station was about, what, fifteen-minute .
So I usually took the bus or my  father took me to my high school.
.
Yes.
 it really depends on the  situation because in Canada,   there was only one train. And compared with that, there was quite a few buses  going around  like Yamanote Line  once every fifteen minutes or once every five minute.
But  it's quite cold .
So I think,  going around the train might be a bit comfortable because it would be punctual.
 I had to wait for my bus for about twenty minutes in a minus twenty weather.
I don't know who would claimed that  nice .
I just stayed inside. There is a usual small waiting room or waiting box. So I usually stayed inside and just covers myself in my coat.

.
.  one day last week,  Mark was driving his car. And then from the other side,  there was a man driving a motorcycle. And also he was phoning with his girlfriend on the cellphone. And when Mark tried to turn left, the   driver of the motorcycle   's  cellphone somewhat slipped from his hand and it hit Mark's  mirror. And because of that, his cellphone broke. And at the same time, because Mark was surprised by the  sudden appearance of the man, he hit the  bike.    excuse me, the man claimed to have his  bike repaired as  as his cellphone repaired. Therefore they had to call the police. And when police arrived,  Mark explained the situation and also he explained to the policeman that the man was using his cellphone which was prohibited.  And therefore  the policeman  did write the paper but it turns out that he does not have to pay for the man's  bike's repair and so his cellphone's repair. So the man had to wait for the  what is it,  the truck to take his bike to a garage. And since he had no other option, he had to pay for his own repairs.
.
. 
Yes.
  to some point, yeah,  it is quite expensive. But  because it is expensive, people do try to concentrate and get their driver's licenses as fast as possible.
So I think it is, I think, a necessary evil in  some case.
Because  meaning of  a lower price is sometimes a bad quality,
and especially when one is getting a driver's license, it is quite important to understand the danger of ,
so I think it is  necessary to pay
huge amount of money
in some way.
.
   the easiest way is  make a train that does not receive a cellphone.
 in concert halls.
Some of the concert halls do   weld a led
inside their wall which does not allow any reception of cellphones 
might be a good idea
if you seriously want to
stop the   passenger using cellphones.
 I would just watch and see what he does. If he's talking more than five minutes,  I might think about calling the  staff of the train, because
it is well-known that if someone  says something to the   person using cellphone, they sometimes  quite violent.
 calling the  staff would be a good thing.
But sometimes people do   use cellphone on the train but usually they will tell  the person at the other end that they're on the train and they'll arrive in about ten, fifteen minutes, I'll just go by and be able to sit down.
How should I say it?   the phone. So I think it's just fine for about five, ten minutes.

.
No. 
Yes, I'm going home.
.
 it's actually   on the .
 maximum, an hour.
Yes, .
 walking  would be a quite long .
But I usually take the bus.
 .
