My name is .
Yeah.
. Fine, thank you. How about you?
 For job?
. Now, I belongs to the formulations production scheduling sections.
. So I am in charge of section manager, so I collaborate with my colleagues one guys and two ladies. And, everyday, they managed about manufacturing. Do you understand ?
We have the facility to produce our product, product, but the our production site is not able to cover all production.
We have the variety of the product, one of the solid, other is a liquid. But in-house, so, every day, now colleagues managed to the other company to ask to produce our product.
Yeah, but, former time, I belong to the factory site, so it is a, , to concentrate our production at factory. But, now, we think about our own factory production schedule and also other formulation . So it is rather complicated and, the former time, don't often, they came to, and "Would you please to change the amount of production for this month or next month?". So, every day, changing the production schedule. .

Yeah. . I like music. . in our university days, we belong to the folk song club.
 guitar, but, after graduated, there are no chance to play the guitar because we need groups.
I played guitar, so we need bass or drums or vocals or keyboard. it's a difficult to rural place. . My hometown is Yamaguchi, so amateur play is not so high compared with a Tokyo.
Or big cities. So in this areas.
Yeah. It's a depend on the population, I think.
Many many young guys plays the guitar and piano, so, maybe, ratio is not so different from the rural area and big cities. But, how can I say, volume of population is completely different. So the number of top skill amateur players is a bigger than small towns.
Yes. . This shows a class, maybe, junior high school or high school. Now, the lady teacher teaching about mathematics and draw down graphs. but some of students are not concentrate to this studies. Some of this, same hobby 
Listening the music some and the , yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, and there's a little bit different from the Japanese school, because I think some ladies wears tank tops but others traditional Japanese sailer . And, in Japan, maybe, beside of the private school, school force to student to wear the uniform clothes, so is a lot different from those public Japanese schools. maybe, yeah, first I saw this and she calculated with electric calculator, but not calculator, it's a handy phone. 
. Yeah. me because it's not necessary to care about today which clothes I want to put on or something. But, nowadays, how can I say, philosophy of the personality is gradually changing. So I am rather older generation, so I didn't think about different personalities more, how can I say, former time, didn't think about. So, now, all of the people think personalities are main point. . . Recent trend to changing rule of a school to wear which kind clothes, what do you want is a good situation, I think.
.
Yeah.
Yeah, I bought this goods today, but, after I went back to my home, I opened the package. So, yeah, maybe, how can I say, when I saw this goods at the this department, is a very nice for me. But, in a home, I opened the packages, the, how can I say, colors something different from my image. Maybe, it cause by the, how can I say, decoration light or, department stores installed the special lights so make the color more vivid or something. So, would you please change other colors, yeah?
Yeah, but, yeah, I think it was better for me to check also this down light for this clothes lamp, and also, this brought to the window side to check under the sunlight, but it was my fault. But I hesitate to that. This situation is not polite to go this departments.
O K. So two hours later. .
Yeah.
. .
. Yes. . first my overseas trip, at that time, I forgot to brought my underwears, not I checked numbers but is not so enough for me. So, before I went to overseas, I thought is a very, how can I say, hard to me because very delinquent personality. So, finally, I asked the hotel managers, and they me to the department stores. But foreigner is a very big.
So I asked clerk, so, Would you please tell me the which corner is a better to find my underwear?" or something. "You should go to the children's .".
.
.
.
O K.
One day last week, with some coincidence, we met my uncle hungry. So, how can I say, try to take dinner?". So, very kindly, invited me to the near restaurant. And I order the beers and a meat, a lot of beers, so I satisfied. and my uncle is very kind person. She paid all of the , and I said thank you very much to the uncle say good-bye.
Eat out?
No. and I've went to the overseas twice as a business trip. So, every time I became very nervous at the restaurant, how to use the knife and forks, which kind of the dishes are waiting after this dishes or something. So, every time I, how I can say, think about my capacities and which kind of dishes are waiting or something.
Yeah, often they went to the overseas, so, before I went to the Germany, my managers recommended, "After one week, eager to there are very famous Japanese restaurant and there .".
Yeah, after this, I have a special meeting with our department for the new personal management system.
Thank you.
