My name is .
 I live in . So today I came from here.
 from there.
 it takes one hour and forty-five minutes.
 pardon?
 I live in the west . So about thirty kilometer from the .
Yes, I like very much. And there are not so many people. And there is sea and mountain also. And I am very happy being in .
 my hobby. so I'm fond of going to see movies. nowadays, there are a lot of interesting movies near my house. So I like to go to see movies with my friends. And it is very fun.
 a various kind of movies I like. And I like romance and suspense and spectacles and drama.
 my family is four. And my husband and two kids and me.
 I have two boys. one is fourteen years old, and another is ten years old.
 ten-year-old son is the fourth grade of the elementary school near my house. And he doesn't like so much to play outside. but he likes to with blocks. And doing, do you know the Lego? Such as like.

 I see a girl. Maybe this room is hers. And there are so many things in her room. And there are a dog on the floor and a cat on the bed. And now she faces to her computer. do maybe she is doing something with computer. and I see also the audio set on her book shelves. And there is also calendar on the floor, no, no, no, up the audio set. And there is a clock on the wall. on the chair. at the bottom and near her, there is a trash box. And I see a little paper in it.
No, I don't have any.
. O K. compare to my room, she has a bed. But I usually sleep on the mat on the room. And yeah, I also have a personal computer. And I usually do something with the personal computer. And she has the good audio set. But I only have a small radio cassette. And she has two pets, and I envy her. because I live in a condominium, so I don't have pets. .
. 
 excuse me. I'd like to go to New York as soon as possible. So can you tell me where I can buy the tickets to New York?
And where? Here?
 so a bill or coin can I use only a coin to buy ticket?
O K. So how much is it take to New York?
O K. So are there any express or the local train?
 so I mean I'm busy, and I'd like to go to New York as soon as possible. So I'd like to buy the tickets for express.
Twenty dollars? So can I buy the round tickets?
Three hundred eighty. O K. Thank you.
.
Many express train. and which is the next train to leave?
Two o'clock? So two o'clock is O K. so two o'clock train's ticket, please.
.
 yes. but in Japan, the now I only use a subway or the bullet train. And so I use the bullet train twice a year from to Yokohama. But I think it is a little boring to use a bullet train. So when I traveled in Europe, I think the travel with train was very fun.
 the trains in Europe are much bigger than those in Japan. And there are compartment rooms in the trains. And it is very interesting it was very interesting. in the compartment room, I think it is like a room. And I can really feel comfortable. So I like the train in Europe.


. O K. One day last week, woman in her kitchen looked at her refrigerator to see it was empty. So she decided to go to the supermarket to get food. So she drove her car to the supermarket, and she bought a lot of foods there. and she paid the cash for the food at the counter. And she got food into her car. and when she came back home, she enjoyed her cooking by making fried egg.
Yes, I like cooking very much.
 by making myself?
O K. I like to make the roll cabbage. my families, especially two children likes to eat roll cabbage very much. So I often make it. to make roll cabbage, I use cabbage and meat and onion. And so first, I boil cabbage. And I chop onion and meat. And I bake the onion and meat both in the pan. And I put salt and pepper in it. And so after the boiling cabbage, I put one of the cabbage on the table. And a spoonful of meat and onion on the cabbage. And I roll the cabbage. after all rolling, so I put then on the and soup. And I boil about for an hour.
 today, I came here with my friends. So I will go to some restaurant with my friends to eat lunch.
.
 I'd like to go to the "Pay It Forward".
 I'm looking forward to very much.
O K.
