My name is .
Nice to meet you, too.
 pretty good. But I have a cold a little bit. I'm O K.
.
I live in . in .
 it took about two hours. Actually, I left the house at seven and I arrived here at ten-thirty. So it took more than three hours.
I took a bus and took a train from to come here, I mean Station.
 is famous for a . And I'm graduate student
in that university.
 my major is English language teaching. And especially my major is how to assess the low-level English speakers of Japanese people.

I'm originally from next to .
 my hometown is located in the northern eastern part of .
 named . It's famous for hot springs
which can make women .
My difficulty?
 I always my major. But one difficulty is when my paper wasn't accepted. I experiment and write a paper and I try to publish and send my paper to the journal. But sometimes it will be declined and recently it happened. And I .
But eventually, I'll rewrite it and submit it to another journal.
 I hope it will be successful.
 I'm a , so I don't have a lot of free time. But yes, since I've gained weight, I try to exercise at least three times a week
 at a fitness club.
I do aerobics and I jog and I walk
at least for an hour.
My fitness club is named , which is affiliated with the hospital located next to . And it has a good system. When you enter the fitness club, first you take a exercise or your power of energy or how you can exercise will be measured. Then the instructor will give me advice and using that information, I can exercise
effectively.
And I can ask them to give me advice at least sorry, once per three month.
 I'm losing weight. 
O K. It's a picture of a skiing site. And there are many people skiing or snowboarding. And there is a couple drinking alcohol or beverage in the lodge. And there is an instructor and two people are listening to his lecture. Maybe they want to learn how to ski. They are beginners. And there are four kids snowballs snowballs at each other. And one man slipped maybe his bad technique.
I don't ski but I have skied once. I used to be a junior high school teacher.
 I and other teachers took our students to 
where where there was our sister school. And I had time to ski. And actually one teacher taught me how to ski for the first time and it was very helpful. But I haven't had any chances to ski since then.
How I felt?
 
it felt it was excellent. I didn't imagine that I could ski.
 but actually I'm .
But gradually I improved.
I hope I could show that making efforts is very 
 to them.
I hope so.
O K.
 excuse me. I bought a C D player yesterday
at your store and I have a receipt here. would you exchange this C D player to a new one? because actually it was broken. I didn't drop it but it didn't work.
 it might be difficult. But I didn't check it at your store. And actually, I live very close to your store, so there's no place where 
 the machine.
Do you have his cellular phone number?
.
 yes, I can wait. I can wait yes, O K.
 to a new one?
 really. I hope you won't say that I bought this product a long ago.
 please remember I'm waiting.
 I came here
 only one day
after I bought.
 thank you.
 thank you.
 , I haven't had any such experiences. But I bought the computer over Internet. And the package came to my house and I tried to set it up. But my floppy disk didn't work.
So I called the company and asked them to fix it. And it was the company's fault.
Actually the connection was bad.
But when the man who were sent from the company came to my house and pushed the tool more tightly, it began .
 . I have a virus detector and some mail with viruses came, but the virus detector killed them
.
No problem at all.
O K.
One day last week, suppose I am the driver, I was driving a car. I was on my way to the company. And the man on a motorcycle came different lane he was calling his girlfriend with his cellular phones. And he was paying attention at all. And on a motorcycle hit my car and dropped his cellular phone. He claimed that it was my fault. And he wanted me to pay the damage for him. However I argued that it was his fault because I knew that he was talking on the cellular phone which was illegal. We decided to call a police and the policeman listened to our story carefully. motorcycle were calling with the cellular phone. And he means the policeman understood the situation. most of the fault is on the man on the motorcycle. the man's motorcycle were sent to the fix company.
 but fortunately, my car wasn't .
But I had to lose some time.
I would tell to both of them that .
 especially to the man on a motorcycle that he should never, never drive or ride the motorcycle and talk at the same time. to me or to the man who was on the car, maybe he could have avoided the accident, if he had driven more carefully. but I'll just give him a warning.
I'll scold the man on the motorcycle more severely.
 no, I haven't. I just hit the back of my car
 .
I just checked the dent of my car. And I considered it acceptable. I left it as it is. 
.
 actually, any plan. So maybe it's already one o'clock. So I'll have lunch somewhere and
go back to .
Thank you.
