 My name is .
Thank you.
 I'm living in , in .
 My neighborhood, I live in so called 
area. So very different from this area, the uptown over here. organized and the residential area. However my neighborhood is the very much like old type of Japanese so called . The shops are still around, and everybody is still friendly in my neighborhood.
.
Yes. I live with my parents and my sister.
My sister is now working at printing company, and she is dealing , Mac. I'm not so familiar with tell any further than that. .
Yes. I sometimes go out, and drink with her my neighborhood,
at restaurant. 
 Last time we went was April.
That was when I entered the graduate school, and she treated me with toast. we ate over couple of alcohol maybe and so forth.
That's right. I'm majoring in linguistics.
 Actually I was interested in like human beings learn language and how the mechanism in your brain is working. But actually I graduated, and I worked first couple of years at advertising company. And then I came back to graduate school.
Hobbies? I like singing.
Actually I used to join at the chorus. So I sing alone over playing piano like musical songs and opera songs.
That's my hobby. 
No, not anymore. 
I have been a member but my friends are already working. So not anymore.
 I like stories, those kind of songs.
At home. 
No. 
They're all , so care about it.
O K. it's a class of math. And a female teacher is explaining about the functions with her textbook in her hand. And some students are listening to the class eagerly while others are listening to the radio, or chewing the gum, or also chatting. 
O K. .
. I used to go to girls' high school. So there were no boys, only girls. . However the atmosphere of class room is somewhat similar. . Some students were eager. . On the other hand, some were playing pokily like me. Yes. Yes.
. . We were not supposed to wear like the colored socks. Or those who had a long hair have to have .
. But as long as teachers or school have the reason to force them, and as long as the students are convinced that it's necessary to follow those rules, I think those rules are quite meaningful. But those wearing no colored socks or understand why. So I think force to wear them without reason. I don't think those are convincing , not meaningful.
 School uniform. when I was in high school, I didn't like them. But now I feel it's quite O K. Because it's economical. 
 yourself, I think that things you wear also makes one's mind. When I used to work, I wear cosmetics, and also wear suits. And even if I'm very tired, wear suits like my mind get very kind of every one have the same in fact.
O K.
. About this notebook I bought yesterday, I thought I could exchange this into the other color. Is that possible?
 but yeah, as long as , price is same, I think it's allowed. , I mean how is it?
 there is other blue notebooks. And there are a lot, and see they're just same price. all you have to do is just exchange. 
 when I see that on the light over there, see the light here is bright. when I saw it in the sun light, it's not just as bright as I thought. And I don't like this you know, I want more bright color.
No, no, no. Notebook, whenever you saw the cover and it's the feeling you know. You're going to see the cover, and how you feel. ". This is the notebook I'm going to write, no, I don't want to open it.". Or the bright color, "Yes, this is the one. See I feel very good to study.". it's the very big difference for me. Just it's .
. Then can you call the manager? Is the manager here now?
. Then can I wait for him or her? When does he come back?
O K. Then I'll just hung around here for .
.
Yes. . I'm studying under Professor in University. And I used to have his English language teaching class. And he used to have this kind of learning method. 

O K. One day last week, me and my friend were preparing to go on a camp. We had the things such as tents and backpack and the food and the all sorts of things for camps. And when we got to the mountains, we built our tent by the river. And we were preparing our supper. Then it started raining. And we thought it was not serious so we didn't take it seriously. However, it became very windy, and was like a storm. So we decided to leave the place by car. And we looked for a place to stay a night instead of the tent . And luckily, we came up on a hotel called Hotel Cosmos. So we decided to stay a night at this hotel. We were very fortunate escape the night from storm. .
O K.
No. No. . I'm not so interested in those outdoor .
. So you know, but it if I have any chance, I would like to try.
. storm . I don't think so. it's not really storm, but when I went to Malaysia, I knew it was a tropical country. But I didn't know that there're the heavy rain. . So everyday, it rains very hard in the tropical countries. And I didn't know that, and so the people in those countries know that it rains heavily in the evening. So they stay inside. But I was walking in the street. And all of the sudden, really all of the sudden, it started, a heavy rain I was in the middle of the street, and there was very . And finally, I got some coffee shop. And to enter, and it .
 I should have known more about those tropical countries.
 Yes. 
.
Yes.
. Not after this, but I'm going to go back to university because we're going to have presentation tomorrow.
It's about the members of the graduate school will present our analysis the Japanese high school . We have to prepare that.
Of English. the textbooks are English. But the presentation will be in Japanese.

.
Thank you.
