. My name is .
Yeah.
 I live in in , and it takes about thirty minutes by train from .
Yeah.
. My family consist of my father, mother, and I have a younger brother by three years. And my younger sister is sixth grade in elementary school.
 . he lives with me in the same room. the room is very small, but we have to live together, and we have in Japanese I sleep upper and he sleeps lower. And he goes to high school, and he's first grade. he comes to volleyball club at school, and he's very taller than I am. He is about one hundred and eighty centimeter, so I think it is good for him because he plays volleyball. .
 . on weekdays when I get up at eight or nine almost every morning so he's left home already so I cannot see him in the morning. and when I got home from my part time job, it's about midnight. So he's I can see him only weekends. I like him. it's very fun to talk with him.
Part time. I'm working at near my house. It takes about twelve minutes from my house by bicycle. And when I was a junior high school student, I went there as a student, and now I'm working at I teach students mathematics. .
. O K. sunny day and fine day, this Sun is too big, I think I think this is country because there are few houses, and they have big gardens. . describe this picture? . This situation?
 . many childrens playing. . And around there, there are many animals, and street the cat on the car. And I think this is weekend because this man he must be somebody's father. he's sitting here, so I think it is weekend. and now young man is jogging, and two ladies and somebody's wives are talking about. and.
Yes.
. O K. is I think is country, but there are many houses called in Japanese, and so and there are no trees around my house. And there are no such a big house near my house. And there are no gardens. and the street of my house is very narrow and doesn't have any pigments. we can't stop our car on the road because if I park on the road, no other car can pass through.
O K.
O K.
 I'm sorry, but the coat, which I bought yesterday, was too big for me, so I wanna exchange this.
. but I have you didn't suggest me bring it on at store so I couldn't decide which one is fit me.
 so can I talk with owner this ?
.
. Tomorrow. . can I come here again tomorrow?
.
. .

. Shopping. I like Shinjuku because there are many stores, and some of my friends like Harajuku, but Harajuku has very many stores, but each is very small store. So and I don't like to go shops and in Shinjuku, there are many for example, Marui and Isetan. So they have many stores each of them, so and if I go to only Marui, I can go to many stores inside.
 . Of course the most important thing is . . if I have no money, I won't buy anything. and before live my home, and I'll decide what I'm going to buy .
?
O K.
 . Can I call I?
O K. One day last week, I am a office man I entered the station at eight, and but when I was waiting for the train on the platform, one man beside me hit me on the shoulder and my bag fell on the railroad. And apologize me, but I was a little bit angry. I didn't know what I should do, and after that a train came by and . And but the bag was there after passing the train, and I was very relieved. and after that, picking my bag up. And I was very happy. one man.
. Sorry.
No, I never. 
 . .
. That's a difficult question, and I don't think so. . urban city trains are very crowded, but I hear and local city trains are not crowded. .
Thank you.
. After this interview, I'll have a class in university at one o'clock. And I'll take it. And after that I'll go home, and I have a plan to go shopping to buy my shoes the store near my house with my friend. and at seven thirty, I'll have to go to part time job.
. It's very enjoyable. I like children, so. .
. Both elementary school students and junior high school students.
Thank you.
.
