. My name is .
Yes.
 on Saturdays,   I either stay home or teach  as a tutor. I teach a  twelve-year old boy. He's now preparing for  the entrance examination for the   you know, the private junior high schools.
About him?
.   actually,  I started teaching him  this October. Because he needs special training in the subject of  social study.
Because he is now thinking of     taking an entrance examination to  junior   high school. And  that school  sort of strange  test on social science. So  I  sort of have to help him  have a sort of, you know, answer-questions or stuff like that.
Strange? I mean   usually,     you know, the test of social study for, you know,  elementary school children or kids ,
      anyway, covers a whole range of social study that  most children learn in elementary school. But   junior high school  sort of  focuses on one topic  each year.  And for each year, the topic is different. And so you need to be very   familiar with some topics that  the you know,    the kind of topics that are  talked about and the news or   that sort of  timely topic. I don't know how to say that in .
  you mean on Saturdays ,
for holiday? In general? .    very sometimes I play tennis   with my younger brother. Very sometimes. And  what else? I listen to music. . Recently, I'm very  fond of listening to the music by the Back Street Boys. Do you know them?

 
It's hard to explain that. That     their music    has a kind of the  ballad taste to it. And I like the part. And  I've heard their music   often on T V of  you know,  on T V commercials. So sort of  their sounds are kind of familiar to me. And that's why I  came to listen  to their music.
 No.    actually, I just started listening to their music .
Before that,   basically, I like Carpenters' songs.
Just  .
?
.
 O K.  All right. .  A woman is sitting in a chair and  holding out one of her hands toward the computer screen. And in the room, there are two animals. One is a dog and the other one, which is on the bed, is a cat. And also,  there is a calendar on the wall. And  it seems that it is June. And there is also a clock on the wall. And it's  seems nine o'clock, I guess. And the door is open. And   how do you say that,    two stereos or I mean, no,  excuse me, there is a big stereo behind the calendar. .  There is also a dust box  beside the chair.
.
  My room is not organized at all. It's totally messy. 
So   it's a kind of model that I have to follow.
To organize my room?
 first, I have to  buy another bookshelf to put my books in. 'Cause my floor is filled with a lot of books and   sometimes I get  lost which book is where. . It doesn't mean I'm bookish person. . I'm writing a thesis now, so I'm being a bookish.
I mean, right now, I'm writing a thesis and I have to.
I don't want to.
 
.
The first problem  with my topic,  I'm writing a thesis on the  relationship between  the comprehension of standard accent and comprehension on non-standard accent. And that field  not been explored enough  by  researchers yet. So it's kind of hard for me to find some  relevant  the past researches or the, you know, past studies in the book. So that is   the primary  difficulty I  am faced with.
  O K.
Hello. . Is that you?
 actually,   I was planning to visit you. But today, I have an    important appointment and I just can't go there.  Actually,  it is related to my final project, my  graduate thesis. And  if I don't go to that place, I mean if I don't attend the meeting, I mean the appointment,  I cannot graduate this year. So  this is really important for me. And I am sorry I can't visit you. But I hope to visit you sometime if you have another chance to hold a party.
Waiting for me?

.
     actually,   it is an urgent appointment for me and   I just can't skip it. And   O K. Then,    is it O K for me to   fax you  a kind of  a sheet of paper   on my speech about the, you know, the summary of my speech and I'm gonna send it to you and you will read it out in front of the fifty people out there? 
      if you just pretend that you were me, you could do it. 
  sorry for the trouble. But      I'll make sure that  I'll visit you next time.
O K. Good-bye.
O K.
. Big party? .
 I guess I did.
      O K, it was a farewell party that was held    when I visit America for home stay program.  our host families  held  the farewell party for me and for us. .  I mean  I visited there with the group of other students  when I was in high school.
.   there were two    purposes of party. First is  for  our host families to give the word of farewell and the word of good-bye to the students visiting America. And  the other purpose is  for students to show the feeling of gratitude to the  host  families. So actually, I made a speech there. It was the first time I ever made speech in my life. So I just got tense. .
 the party I attended. And I remember very well. It's very impressive.
 actually,  in Japan,   I don't remember attending  party of that sort. So,
 very difficult for me.
  
 During my speech?
 Doing speech?  .  The other time I made a speech  is  I gave  sort of speech of farewell also to the graduates of high school when I was in the second year of high school, I mean  when I was the    sixteen or seventeen.  that was the graduation  ceremony and which was totally different from the, you know, the common party. . ,
, comparison's very difficult .
Beginning
"One day last week"?
Can I think of a story now?
 Could you give me few more minutes?
.  . O K.
One day last week, the woman visited a department store where she bought a tie for his father as a birthday present. And she asked the clerk to wrap it up as a gift. And she paid  three thousand yen for the tie. And after that,     she went down to the first floor of the department. And she happened to see  the   shoes  that she has long wanted. And she also saw there    that pair of shoes      was thirty percent   cheaper  than usual. And where she bought   that pair of shoes. And then, she went to another  part of the department store. . And she  happened to see that   a piece of clothes she has long wanted  was discounted fifty percent. So she decided to buy that clothes, too. And then,   with a lot of, lot of  bags in both hands, she went out of the department store.
.
The priority is its   price and the cost. I always make sure that it is cheap. 
So that is the priority. And the second thing is  whether it fits. . This is very important that  whether it fits me  perfectly.  So that is second thing. Of course, I don't buy clothes which is too big or just too small.  Priority is the  price.
.
 I actually not planning to go  shopping this weekend. .  But maybe next week or a week after next. . Maybe I need to buy another piece of, how do you say this in English,   the formal suits.
'Cause I teach at  or the prep school and I need to dress up properly there. So maybe I need another piece of formal suits, if that's correct in .
. O K.
Thank you very much.
