 my name is .
 just call me . easier. Yeah.
Yeah.
 I'm fine. How about yourself?
Yeah. .
.
. Friday. This is a working day. Yeah. But Friday afternoon, to some extent, I feel relaxed, Friday afternoon, having the weekend closer.
Yeah. That's feeling. But today, I have a different feeling. because since yesterday, I have been suffered with hay fever. I have a headache, I have a sneeze, I have a red eye, itchy. I feel uncomfortable this afternoon.
 I'm working for the American company, . I'm in charge of the plastic business. I'm so-called product manager to be responsive for product development, product business itself and profit. Yeah. To be contribute to the company and share holders.
 weekend? Yeah. I have a hobby to have a trekking and hiking or say, mountain walking. So, I like any outdoor sports. So, in the summer season, I often go up to the mountain site to enjoy camping, to have a one-day hiking with mountain cooking. Yeah.
Yeah. that's the idea in the weekend. and in the wintertime, I sometimes go up to the mountain site to since this spring, I got hay fever. I have no idea how I can do outside. 
 yeah, actually, internet. That's the idea. since the beginning of the last month, almost every night, I log on myself to the internet auction site. Yeah. Because I'm planning to move my house in June this year. So, I try to therefore, through the internet auction, I try to dispose my stuff to the buyers. Yeah. Actually, it's really exciting to see my house is coming very neat as well, I can get small money.
Yeah.
Good idea. Yeah.
What?
All right. 
 Question.
 Question. What should I do?
 describe. this is scene of the classroom. maybe junior high school. because the student their age something like twelve to fifteen. the female teacher, she is teaching mathematics. But the no, only one student in the front line is concentrating on the lecture. But the rest of the student, they are not. the female student of the front row, she's communicating with maybe, internet or playing with cell phone. And a guy, isle side on a front row. he looks sleepy and having a chewing gum. And second row no student who are paying the attention .
 my days? but not so much different, I suppose. actually, I had the same behavior in the classroom. Yeah. But I can assume, we knew how to control the extent of the behavior. therefore, recently, I could see out of the newspaper report and the articles the people so much violence. Yeah. this in my school days, I have not see such a radical violence.
.
All right.
 examinee? examinee. That's me. O K. 
All right. O K. .
 my name is . good afternoon. Can I speak to the person who was in charge of the Singapore three-days tour which you conducted end of last month?
Can I speak to the person?
Thank you.
?
 my name is , of , . . .
.
 . Thank you very much. You remembering me. actually I call up to you to talk about my trip. I came back last night. But I was really upset. because, there are so much discrepancy between what you explained before my departure and what I experienced during my tour. .
Yeah. two issues hotel accommodation. in your brochure and in your explanation, you told me my accommodation would be with Raffles Hotel. yeah. Actually, that is one of the best hotel located in Singapore. because of this accommodation, I booked the tour with you and I paid such a extra premium compared with the other tour which other tour agent conducts. but when I reached to Singapore, there's nobody who received me at the airport. And when I got contact with your local tour agent, somebody of the local agent told me to Oriental Hotel instead of the Raffles Hotel. yeah, but there was no choice but I have to be there. So, I took taxi by myself, and I went to Oriental Hotel. And I expected somebody of the local agent to be there and, he could make some kind of the explanation about the sudden change of the hotel accommodation. But no one there. And when I inquired with the Oriental Hotel receptionist, the reservation was there since two weeks ago before my departure. anyway, there was no choice. I stayed there. Oriental Hotel is one of the first-class hotel. So, I accepted that. next day, in the itinerary, which your brochure describes, was the limousine car tour should be set for my first day activities. But when I came out the hotel entrance nine A M, there was no limousine car. There was only one local taxi waiting without any tour conductor. So, I have some difficulty to speak local language. therefore, I had a very hard time to take a tour with the local taxi drivers. So, it was been really disappointing me. Therefore, I need you to describe why, and what kind of the compensation you can afford to me.
 as soon as possible, but I'm really upset so tell me, how long does take for you to investigate the issue,
Five minutes? That's fine. .
Thank you very much. I will be waiting. I can give you my contact number now, because I'm outside of the house. So, this is my cell phone number. .
I'm looking forward to .
 too long?
 no, actually. I have never had this kind of disappointment. because always I chose the first class travel agent.
Yeah. Maybe that's tips to avoid .
Yep.
All right. So, how many minutes can I spend to make a whole story?
 just few minutes. O K. there's one guy who is driving the orange color passenger car to west to east. there's another guy who is driving the green motorcycle while taking a call it seems there's minor accident between orange color passenger car and green color motorcycle. And the door mirror hit the dropped the cell phone. the cell phone got serious damage as well, the motorcycle the rear lamp and the both parties they stop to turn the motorcycle. And they the motorcyclist made a strong complain about the damage of rear headlamp as well as the cell phone. police came up there. and when police made interview with the both parties, the passenger car driver, he the motorcyclist, he was making a call while driving. So, it seems the police man, he accept his explanation and he agree to release the passenger car drivers. Because, passenger drivers there is fault with the motorcyclist. Eventually, the motorcyclist called the workshop to load his motorcycle to the workshop.
You're welcome.
 actually since I have the serious hay fever, I'll take a rest.
 very much. Have a nice weekend. Bye-bye.
