Nice to meet you.
Yes, sure. My name is .
Yes, sure.
I'm fine, thank you.
Yes, it is.
No, I don't like rainy days .
  since I have a car
so I go out
by car, or sometimes I stay at home to read books, listen to music, and listen to the radio.

I live in .
 I live in   Ward.
 yeah,   since I came here this June,
so I don't know much about my neighbors and neighborhood.
But   there are many houses.
And there are many apartments.  and  the road is  wide enough for cars .
And sometimes  I can see Mount Fuji
from my  .
I was in .
I came to   because I got married this June.
, he has been working  in  since he finish college a few years ago.
 he is thirty years old.
And he is a system engineer.
And  he likes to drive a car.
And he likes children.
He is very helpful at home
 helps me to not cook, but wash dishes so .
I'm sorry?
No. No, I don't have a job right now.
 in the morning, I do house works. And then since I'm going to take a TOEIC test next October so I spend only one hour to study for it.
And in the afternoon, I go out, like, I go to library or go shopping and just hanging around somewhere. And in the evening, I cook the dinner, and my husband comes back home.
Yes.

.
O K.   the cat is sleeping on the bed. The door is opened.
And  there is a stereo on the shelf. And there are many book, not many books. There are some books on the shelf. And the dog is on the floor. There are some trash in the box. And she is sitting on the chair. And she is pointing at the screen of the computer. And    she has a typewriter on computer, and I think    she is going to work on the computer.
And I think this is nine o'clock.
And     the month is June.
.
   compare to this room,   the things she has is very similar to mine like I had a computer, but it was just      it's a lap top.
 different kind. And I had stereo, but  mine was a portable one so it's a little bit different. I didn't have a typewriter like this. And I wish  I could have pets.
  I love dogs so I really wanted to have dogs. But I was absent at home too many times so I couldn't make it.
.
I think    they listen to us very well.
Some dog don't, but most of dogs do,    I think.
No.
I cannot have.
And
 I live in apartment.
 O K.
O K.  Hello, this is  .
I'm fine. Thank you.  I have a problem.
And when I came back home, I saw the window broken.
 why it happened so can you get somebody to   repair for it?
 it's too late. I'm sorry.  because  I heard on the weather forecast it will rain tomorrow. So   I need somebody to fix it.
  The typhoon will be here tomorrow.
.
So I pay a lot of money for renting this apartment every month so I think you have to get somebody to fix it.
.
 that will be great. .
 could you call me about when he will be here?
Thank you very much.
.
No,  not , but  I like to  clean the house.      to clean the   door, no, no,  front,  ?
 it's a    door way, no. 
.
 when I wash the  front door
with water,
but there is very  narrow or slight space.
 I live on the second floor.
Anyhow  When I was washing the door with water, the water dripping to the first floor.
 the neighbor on the first floor came up to me, and complain about it. So  that is a problem.
Yes, yes. I said sorry, and I brought some  little gift 
 and then she forgive me.
At least, .
.
O K. now?
. One day last week,   he was driving a car  to his office. And     he was thinking about something so   he wasn't drive a car so carefully. And on the other side,    a boy who was riding a scooter came. Since he   came, and    he didn't notice the scooter came toward to him. Then he  attacked the boy on the scooter.    he knew he didn't drive correctly, but he was too stubborn to say sorry. So he and   the boy on the scooter was start discussing, and  who was to blame on this accident. And then but they couldn't find any solution. So they decide to call a policeman. And policeman  asked some question how the accident had happened.  Then     no,    the policeman  advised  them to call insurance company. So  he called the insurance company, and got some  advises about what to do now.
 Then           the insurance company  told him  they would  solve the problem for him. So he got relieved. Then the boy  who was on the scooter, he called the   car factory to bring it, and  make it.
 I'm going to Kichijoji
to get some fabric.
  I will sew some clothes.
  I have never sewed any clothes. But this is the first time.
  sewing machine so .
.
