Yes, my name is .
I'm fine, thank you.
 I live in , . it takes about 
 twenty minutes from by walk.
 when I took a examination of university,
 I lived in .
 and and .
And, is near my house.
 I am now majoring English literature.
. I now studying
 English literature, for example, William Goldwyn, 
James Joyce, and so on.
 I like English novel.
 last year,
I studied a novel, "Animal Farm".
 it's very interesting for me. So, I was interested in
English writer.
 it's a story of animal.
But, of communist world 
Soviet Union.
 but, it was written for childs,
so it is easy and interesting.
. But, it's means very serious circumstances 
Union.
.
 my hobby 
the piano and listening to music.
 especially, I like jazz music.
So, I am now learning about jazz music.
But, jazz needs improvisation.
 it is very play ad-lib .
 I started the learning of piano 
I was six years old.
 and, first, I stopped to learn
 of my 
 entrance examination of university.
But, I again started two years ago.
. if I could,
 I want to work in publish company. and, I want to work
 the 
 relative part of music.
.
 this is a picture of a American town.
 I think it is a Sunday afternoon. . There are many people who are doing their hobbies.
 one of them is reading a newspaper sitting down a bench. And some children playing with ball and ropes. young man is running very hardly. and I can see three dogs and one cat. and the cat is sleeping on the top of a car stops in the front of a big house. right in the right side of the house, 
are two dogs. the two dogs seems playing together. And, the center of the picture, there are two women. Maybe spea a middle aged women are chatting.
One of the woman has dog in her left hand. the weather is very fine.
.
 yes. there are no walls to separate the house and .
 the place I was born 
, .
 there are many 
houses, and very road.
 I lived near the .
 so, it was very interesting place for me.
 I could go to many small shop
which sells 
 many interesting things which aren't sold
 .
Hello. This is speaking.
 do you have free time in next Sunday afternoon?
 I want to go to a movie which starts on the Sunday. So, why don't you go with me?
 I was looking for theater, and I could find the theater in . so are you O K in ?
 it starts twelve o'clock and three o'clock P M. So, which one do you want to?
O K.
 it's so, it's around lunch time, so what about having a lunch around eleven P M near the theater?
 so, I will go to Station,
 East 
 exit
 about eleven P M.
So, please come to without delaying.
.
 I usually go to movie
like this,
or museum, and last weekend,
 on Sunday, I went to movie in Shochiku.
 I watched "Life Is Beautiful". . And on Sunday, 
Yokohama I went to Yokohama,
art exhibition of Cezanne.
. One day last week, a boy called his girlfriend to go to zoo, and his girlfriend said, "O K.". and he promised on Sunday. And that day, he was preparing for his car. His car is red small car. . and he droved, and met her and went to zoo. And, the first they watched a lion. And, this picture's lion is very pretty. And, they enjoyed seeing the lion. And next, they went to a of monkey. the money was eating a banana, and his girlfriend pointing the monkey who was eating banana and laughing. after that, they went out of the zoo. they were speaking about the zoo which they watched. .
 maybe I will take her to Tokyo Disney Land.
 ,
Tokyo Disney Land is not in Tokyo,
 but
 it is very famous in Japan so she 
will enjoy .
 I have one more ,
and I have to go to my circle's room,
because I have a live on this Sunday, so I have to practice.
Thank you very much.
