Hello.
Yeah, my name is . Nice to meet you.
I live in  prefecture.
Yes, I think.  it takes one hour to come here.
I use the  line and change to   no,  line at  station.
Yes, I live with my father, mother, my elder sister and grand mother.
.
 my dream,  because   my parents are a little strict, I think. And  yeah,  if I have  my house, I can have a party with my friends, and I can enjoy my life. But,  there is   two reason I can't live alone. One reason is money problem, and the other is I'm lazy person, 
I think I can't clean my room.  yeah, that's problem.
.
 example,   my father  always says, "You have to arrive at home by ten o'clock 
evening.".
  I'm belong to club in , so it's hard to arrive at ten o'clock in the evening.
My club is  club.

   the club is held  on Tuesday. And the club  began   at around seven o'clock, and it continue to nine o'clock.

    in the club,   I have to explain my  and I have to criticize any other person's . 
point  is wrong, and this point  is very good.
, I have to explain myself. So,  I feel  sometimes very nervous to  .
.  difficult.
 I like to go to see museum.
 on Friday, I went to see  collection 
Yasudakasai Museum in Shinjuku.
  in the museum,  I could see a lot of  works   for example, Cezanne, or Renaissance school, and  school.  actually,   I don't know  a lot about paintings, but I can enjoy. I like to see the beautiful works.
.
I think this is the girl's room. And this room, there is a green bed and desk and a chair and a dog and cat. And the door is open, and   on the wall, there is a calendar. It says this is June. And, there is a girl sitting the chair and, using computer. The computer is big, and next to the computer, there is a typewriter.  And  also there is a clock on the wall. It says it is nine o'clock.  The girl is wearing very beautiful green sweater, and wearing mini skirt.  That's all.
 . To compare to my room, this room is very beautiful. My room is kind of very messy. ,  I like this room, and  in this room there is a great computer. Actually, I have no computer in my room, so I envy this girl.
And, there is a good     C D radio cassette.   my own is very  small one,  so I think her parents are rich person.
.
 . It takes a lot of time. And  while I'm cleaning my room, I came up with another good idea,  for example, I can watch T V,
 listen to music, 
look at my old album,
or reading book, so I can't continue to clean room. 
Thank you.
.
 excuse me.
 I want to go to New York on train. . Where should I go to buy a ticket?
 O K.   I want to go to New York as soon as possible. . What time does the train start?
   as soon as possible, so  the earliest train. Please tell me.
O K. I'll decide it. And  how much  it cost?
O K. 
. So here you.
Yes.
Yes.
Eleven o'clock. .
. O K. .
Yes, one ticket.
Thank you.  it takes forty five dollars?
Yes. Here you are.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yes, three years ago.
I went to Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore.
 this trip was  for students who live in  prefecture, and I was, fortunately,  representative of my school, 
 I could join the tour.
Not exchange student because the tour is  only nine days.
 for   nine days, I have to  go to  these three countries, so the trip was very busy trip.
  we visited the school in each countries, and in Malaysia, I also went to a school. I thought the school was junior high school,
and  I could have a friend in the school, and  now, I can keep in touch with him, and I can write email in this university.
.  In Singapore, the students  were very good at English.  in Japan, the Japanese students not so good at English, so I wonder why Singapore students can speak English  fluently.
 after I arrived at Japan, I asked that to my teacher, and teacher answered me,  the students in Singapore have to get a good job.
 there're very</SC> and the country, it is very difficult to get a good job, so they have to learn English to get a good job. So, in Japanese, the students don't know how strict to live    in this world,
  so  I think, Asian students know  a lot of thing  to develop their country.
Yes.
Yes.
One day last week, the man  went to a  station at eight o'clock. The  station  was too crowded.  The man  have to go to anywhere, so   he waited a train. But, unfortunately, one person hit his arm, and at the time, the man   his bag. And   the  person was angry, but  one kind  station clerk  pick up his bag.  And finally,   he could got on the train and sit  down the seat, and  went to  the place he wanted to go.
No, I haven't.
.
.
Yeah.
   no, I saw in the  station, there is a poster on the wall, off peak to go to work.
I think it's good idea.
  I use  station.
 station is first stop on the  line,
so I can always sit down the seat.
So, for me, it's good, but I have to  get off the train at  station.
 near  station, the train already very crowded. So, I have some difficulty to get off the train.
  I will have lunch,
and  I have  two classes after that.
 class is about anthropology.
 anthropology class,  .
 .
 I think fifty students.
Yeah.
.
.
