 my name is .
Yes. Please.
Now?
  I think so. I have many appointments, so   I'm busy. Maybe.
Yes.
   I have to    work.  and,       , most of my friends,    want me to play with them. So,      I have a  appointments to go many place.
For example,   nineteenth, maybe on Sunday,     I'll go to the Christmas party in  and,   next Friday or Saturday, , maybe I'll have a party with my friends.
So.
,   I don't know in details, but,  my friend said,  there is a bar. And  bar opened  maybe two or three days before, and so,  they,  to congratulate to  be opened. So   we'll go and  have a party.
Maybe.
 yes.
.
 but,     this year,    I didn't get any postcards or,   write postcard. .
 because,   so I mean,    last year,   I had to have a,   entrance examination for this university so    , I had to study very hard. So I didn't have any time to write,  any postcards. So I didn't write or,   my friends also    was the same and,   one or two of them,  gave me a postcard. But,  others,   didn't give me the postcards. So  last year    I didn't write anyone.
 .  I think this is    in the restaurant. And,     there are many people. But,    maybe  there is a man and there is a woman, and maybe they are couples. And,    maybe,  they came here to congratulate   on their  meeting.  Or  so. And,     they will have a dinner. And now, they are choosing,    which wines or,   champagnes,   will they drink. And   maybe after this, they eat,   delicious,   steaks,  .
.         , my favorite restaurant is near my house.  but I think it's not a restaurant. ,  to be sure, it is  a restaurant, but I think it's a kind of family restaurant so,    it's very reasonable. And I think,   that restaurant is very high price, I think. And the mood is very good. And,    I can see the woman  who plays the piano,  so maybe there is a nice music. And,   
 yes.  Yes.
 thank you.  I want to go to New York. But I don't know which line  will I use or,   , how much is the ticket or so. So, if you  know, please tell me.
 yes.
 I want to go to New York, and,   I want to go there as soon as possible. So   I want to know      ,  which way  is the best to go there first?
.
.  and how much?
.  So I want to go to there as soon as possible. So I'll buy that ticket. Thank you.
.  . I'll pay,    traveler's cheque.
 .
 thank you.
.
Yes. Only once.   when I was fifteen years old,    I went to  Hawaii  on vacation with my family.  and I stayed there about five or six days and   I went to  the Maui Island and Oahu Island. And I think,  the Maui Island is better than the Oahu, because there are not so many people and especially Japanese people.  and  there are many naturals. And,  in Oahu,  it is,  good, I think, but there are many Japanese people and  maybe we,  don't have to speak English.  they can understand Japanese, so,    I think we didn't use any English in Hawaii. So,  it's nice,  experience for me but,   I don't like Hawaii so much. 
 yes.    one day last week,   , three students   wanted to go to somewhere. But,  it was the rainy day. And    they couldn't go out, so,  they were wondering  where,   did they go. But,  three of them   thought,    if they    went to  the movie theater.    they didn't have to care about the weather. So they decided to go the movie theater. And  they went to the movie theater and bought the tickets. And,   they also bought the popcorns and the cokes. And they stayed their seats. And  so     the movie is about,    the dangerous accident of airplane and,  after  they watched the movie, they were very exciting and,  it was nice,  holiday.
for them.
       Japanese movie?  some of the works of  Hayao Miyazaki,  I like. But,    about other kinds of Japanese movie,  , I don't know and  I haven't seen.   but  now,  for example,   do you know "Ring"?
 I think,  "The Ring" is the horor movie and I saw  the drama of "Ring"  on T V. But    I was interested in the movie of "Ring". But  I didn't go to see that movie because "The Ring" is   very  for me,  it's horror.    I'm afraid to see the horror movie, so if I went to the movie theater and saw "The Ring",   maybe I couldn't see  all of that movie and,  I think,  it's not,  reasonable.
. Because I paid much money and,     go to see.     so I didn't go  to see that movie.
    I think so. . To be sure, it is  nice place, because if they see the  love story,  the atomosphere is very good and  maybe,   they can understand the stand of heroine or hero. So,  it's good. But  I have never had a boyfriend  
Do  I don't know,  how I feel when I  go to the movie with my boyfriend.
?
 yes.  next week, maybe,   I have to  go to  work, part-time job, and,  maybe  I also have to go to this university to study,   in library, because I have two reports. And        one of them needs to be written in English and  other,  needs to be written  on  homepage. So  I must come here and study very hard. And  I have tests,  next month, so, , I have to study very well.
Thank you very much.
