 my name is . Nice to meet you.
Yes.
 I'm very anxious about this test.
Yeah, so after lunchtime
I was studying the English
and I was reviewing the S S T lesson.
Yes. I was preparing about this test. And so .
.
 yes. I was relax now.
.
It's, rain, snow?
 I bought short ski two weeks ago and yes I usually go to snow mountain,
for example, to Nigata prefecture. I have a a car, so I will go to Nigata with my friends. it takes two hours or three hours to get to the ski place.
 yes, and usually, I will go to Nigata at night of Friday and I can reach there in morning of Saturday. So, I can ski all day on Saturday.
And, after that I will come back to Tokyo.
Short ski.
 the ski board is very long, maybe taller than my height or your height.
But, short ski is shorter than normal ski.
, I have a one meter ski. It's shorter than normal ski. if you use short ski you can easy turn to right, turn to the left. Because the, long if long normal ski the top of ski and end of ski sometimes crossing.
Short ski, not so difficult. And the length is not so long. So we can't ski faster than normal ski. If there is a long board you can get more speed. It's different from normal ski.
If, there is no when we ski short ski.
So, if you can ski, you can easily ski short ski.
. O K. this is a room and there is one girl and sitting in the chair and one dog sleeping on the floor and one cat sleeping on the bed. This room is very bright color and this is very big room I think. Because there is the bed and there is a desk and there is a stereo . and I don't know but the door is open maybe she forget closing the door. And, she is very cute she is smiling, maybe she is relaxing this time.
. And, on the desk there is a computer it seems that she sometimes use the computer maybe for e-mail or to use Internet. And I'm not sure, but maybe on the left of computer, there is a typewriter very old style and that typewriter's color is red
.
O K. in my room there is no pets. So there is more different thing. And, is the door is in the left sorry the windows is in the left, but our room is the window is in the right
 when I see the door in front of me. And, there is a phone in this room. But, I don't have normal phone. I have only mobile phone. And, this room is very clean. Maybe she can clean this room every week. But I don't clean my room, maybe only once a month.
So, my room is dirty.
. And, there is a very beautiful curtain.
. In my room there is no curtain.
.
 we use the what's you say the window and very strong door or it made of wood.
 and it screened the sunshine.
 so, we don't need the curtain.
 nobody can.
.
O K, I'm ready.
, I'd like to go to New York by train as soon as possible.
 how can I get to ticket from here to New York?
. And, how much does it cost?
.
Which kind of train is fastest?
Super express.
O K, I want to get into the super express
 because I have no time.
 so how many hours
from here to New York?
Two hours by super express train?
O K, so I'd like to buy super express ticket.
How much does it cost?
Three hundred dollars?
O K. and if I take another train,
 the second fastest train is how much?
Five hundred dollars.
One hundred. it's cheaper. Very cheaper. O K, and if I take the second fastest train when can I reach to New York?
Four hours.
. That's sounds great. However I have to go to New York as soon as possible. So O K, I will take the super express train.
. Really? .
Four hours. . O K. If I take the second fastest train,
 how long do I have to wait here?
Two hours.
Two hours and two hours. O K I'll take the second fastest train.
 can I get a ticket?
O K. .
Thank you.
 not so good. I'd like to go to travel by airplane or .
Because the seat is very hard.
So, if I take down the seat of the train I was very exhausted inside the rain. but if I get into the airplane,
 there is very less time to reach the destination. So, I prefer to go to destination by airplane.
And I like to drive, so sometimes I will drive a car from here.
.
By car? I went to Nigata prefecture, you know, to ski.
And, in this season I'd like to go to hot spring and to take a rest in Hakone. in Hakone, there is a lot of hot springs.
And, there is a lot of places to look around. So sometimes, I drove my car with my friends to Hakone.
Last week.
O K. O K.
 last Wednesday after my work, I was walking with my girl friend in the rainy day. there is a box near the pole side of strret and, I can hear some strange sound and I stopped there with my girl friend. And, some strange sound is maintain and I can hear some sounds. And, there is a strange box in the rainy day. So, I have to check the inside. So, there is one baby cat very cute. Maybe someone put the box in someone don't need the cat. So it's very sad, so we talk about do what should we do. So, my girl friend told me let's bring this cat to my house. but in my house maybe in my family can't take care this cat. So I was very complexing. but she told me very strongly because the baby cat is very sad. So, she persuade me to bring this baby cat and after that she take the cat in her raincoat. And, I allowed her to take the cat. And, finally we were walking to my house to take the cat in the rain.
.
, today?
? . no. I don't have appointment tonight.
But next week, I will go to ski
because Saturday and Sunday and Monday are holidays.
So, we can stay ski mountain two or three nights.
So I can enjoy.
Thank you very much.
.
