Good morning.
I am fine. Thank you.
.
My name is .
 m</SC>  in my free time,  I like to play tennis.
.    I started to play tennis in my junior high school student
with my mother.
And  I went to tennis school  every Saturday in the morning  and also  in my high school, I didn't play tennis at all but   when I was university student, I belong to tennis club and  had been playing for tennis about for four years.
So, I think I am  a little good  tennis player.
 I don't know, but now she doesn't play tennis at all because  now she is not in good health.
. She lives in ,
with my family.
Now I live in 
of .
 so it is located  thirty minutes from this company.
Yes, now I live alone because it is  a kind of company's dormitory, so now  I'm alone .
 I think it is  comfortable for me but  a little bit narrow,
 to live in.
, yes, yes,  a little small for me.
And now I have a lot of clothes,
so     I cannot, how I can say,   put clothes orderly in my room.
.
. <CO>Some clothes are orderly in my rack,
but others are, how can I say,    on the floor 
 on the bed or</CO>. So not orderly.
O K.
O K. This is a picture which is showing  a girl's room. .  There is a  bed in this room and    a lying cat is on the bed.  Also, there is a dog on the floor. The dog is also lying. And then,   there is her desk in this room.   a personal computer and the printer  are on the desk.  Now,   she is using the computer, making a document by Word soft. And then, also there is a  big rack in this room.  In the rack, there are a lot of books and  her personal telephone and also on the rack, there is a audio player. And then,  there is calendar and clock on the wall in this room. That's all.
My room? . .  Difference.  Difference.   I think there are some differences between my room and her room. . At first,   in this room, there are two pets.  However, no pets are in my room.  And also,   difference,  I have a T V in my room. On the other hand, she doesn't have her personal T V  in the room. And then,  she doesn't have any garment rack in her room, but as I said before, I have a  garments, so  I have two racks in my room.
That's all.
 O K.
Yes,   like I would like white jacket for spring season, so I am looking for a good one. So,     sorry, could you show me some sample for me?
  in Japanese size, my size is M and also in  European size, my size is forty-four.
 that's good. So,  can I try this one?
O K.  O K.  I think it matches to me, so how much this?
Twenty thousand yen?  that's good, so .
O K. So I want to buy this one,
so   can I use a credit card?
O K. So,   so  I will pay you by this credit card.
.
Thank you.
O K. .
Yes.
 I remember that until I was high school student,  I was not so interested in  fashion goods or clothes, but  I don't know the reason but  when I was university student,  I have some friends   which knew the clothes very well and they often talked about clothes or fashion goods,
so after that, I became interested in clothes, .
O K.
O K.
O K. One day last week,   I was going to the office. And at  eight o'clock, I arrived at the station. And when I was waiting for a train   on the platform,      a man's hand   hitted at my elbow and then my briefcase was dropped into the rail,  so and then I complained to him and asked him to pick it up. However, suddenly the train  had come and my briefcase   seem to be crashed by the train. But  after the train passed, I could find that my briefcase was safe, so I was very relieved and also the man seemed to be relieved to find the briefcase is safe. And then   after this accident, a station staff was so kind that he picked my briefcase up and passed it to me. That's all.
Commute?
Commute means go to office?
 O K. Sorry.   I come to this office   by subway named , and I use only this line because  as I said, I live in   , and  is the station of , so  I can reach my office by one subway.
.
Special plan?
 I have only to work at late because as I said,  now it is very busy season for the fashion goods division because my main job is  handling delivery of importing goods.
So now the  high season of importing fashion goods of spring-summer garments.
 ten or eleven o'clock.
Yes.  and also I have to  contact with European countries,
so  sometimes I become busy after the European countries opens.
 thank you .
. .
