.  my name is .
Fine. How are you?
 right now I'm attending at the graduate school and I'm studying  English literature.
 sure.  mainly I study the works of William Shakespeare. And  I'm  now trying to write my P H D thesis. And if I pass, I'm going to be called Doctor  
I don't know how long that's gonna take, but  anyway.
 hopefully I'd like to get a job at some college or university because I like teaching.
And  hopefully I'd like to teach English literature to college students.
 right now, I'm teaching English language at my university to  sophomores.
 that's very  challenging because I have about one hundred students
in my class.
 It's really hard to keep the students interested
when there are so many people in one room.
 I speak really loud. 
And  I'm trying to  bring up some topics that may interest the kids more. So I do a lot of research on the Internet.
And  I also try to see a lot of movies and  I try to see a lot of shows on T V
to  keep me up-to-date about what's going on inside those young kids minds. 
  my biggest hobby has always been reading. But right now, reading is sort of  part of my job, 
so  I'm not sure if I can call that a hobby any more. I also like going to movies and I like singing.  I have this little singing group with my friends.
 and we get together  about two or three times in a month.
And we take a lesson. And right now we're going to  sing at this competition that's going to take place next month.
And   that's going to turn out. 
we're trying to.
 they're mainly  my friends from college.
 I belonged to the glee club when I was a college student.
And the main members are from there. But there are also some other people that  didn't sing when they were at college but now they wanna do some   they just came in. And so that's my new .
Very nervous. 
 yeah, but it's gonna be big challenge for us, so we're both nervous and excited.
O K.   it's a math class, I think, in an American high school. And  I think the teacher is trying to   teach the kids some  I think it's a equation.   some people are paying attention but there are some students who are not really  paying attention to the class.  I see a girl playing with her cellular phone. So maybe it's a international school in Tokyo or something, I'm not really sure, because this girl is trying to  E-mail a friend on cellular phone. I don't know if that happens in the United States.  there is a boy chewing gum. And  there's this one student who is listening to music on his Walkman. And of course there are some girls who are, I don't know,  doing their makeups  talking.
And then out of, one, two, three, four, five, six, six students, I think only one is paying   to the class. 
 yeah. For about three years.
Yeah.
 yeah. I think  the math class that I went to was more serious 
than this one.
  when I went to the States,   I was put into this really good math class because I was Japanese and obviously all Japanese are good at math  go to the States.
So     my classmates in my math class were all very smart.
And they were very , so this  did not happen in my math class. But  in my other classes, this sort of thing did happen,
 in my English class or in my history class.
Some people are not paying attention, girls talking, 
 makeups,
eating stuff. 
That was very common in my other .
.
. I don't know. But  when I look at the American students,  first of all, they use calculators 
.
And the Japanese students are trained to do their calculations on their own. And   they are expected to do a lot more   in Japanese schools. And also  in American schools do people who are good at math are encouraged to do more.
 the people who are not so good are just left as they are.
So  the bottom line is not so high
 whereas in Japanese schools, the bottom line is really high. So everyone is supposed to do above this level.
But that level is higher than  the level at the States.
.
 I think at high school level,  I think the American system is better because by that time,  most people have already discovered  what they are good at and what they are not good at.
But  maybe in the elementary school level, I think the Japanese  system is better, because there are some certain things that everyone has to learn.

.
 I'm sorry. I bought this bag the other day at this store.
 I really liked it when I saw it here. But when I took it home, I'm not sure if the bag went with my clothes and my other things.
So  I was wondering  if you could give me a refund or maybe exchange it to some other item?
Yeah.  I realize that. And I'm really sorry. But  I haven't really used the bag.
  it's good as new.
  maybe if you could stretch your policy ?
.
.
, I know.   it did go   with the clothes I was wearing at that time.
  you know, when I took it home,  it didn't really  match my  other things. And     I think I was wearing a very special dress
on that day because  I was on this big date.   I think the bag really went  with my
dress that day. But usually I kind of wear  more relaxed clothes.
 Yeah.  yeah, that's true. . You know,   yeah,  I think you do have a point.  You know,   maybe if I return this bag,
and  you know, maybe  I'll buy something else
that's, you know, almost equal value.
And, you know, if there's some difference, I can pay you that money.
.
. Could you maybe talk to the manager?
 O K.  so O K. Why don't you just keep the bag?
Because  if I take it home, maybe, you know, I'll stain it or something.
 so why don't you keep the bag?
And I'll give you my phone number.
So  when the manager comes back, maybe he can give me a call.
Then we'll talk.
.
. Yeah.
O K. Sorry about the trouble.
.
Thank you.
Sure. 
 I don't think I have.   maybe like, yeah, I think there was one time that they gave me the wrong size or something.
So  it was really the store's fault. So  I had not trouble like going to the store.
But, you know, this  really selfish.  .
So that was kind of hard.

 I probably look for    you know, if they match my other clothes or like how long I can wear it.
You know. So I'm trying to get the best out of my money.  Because . 
O K.
O K.
All right.  one day last week, I went camping with my friend. And we prepared  for the camp and preparing part was really fun. We took the tent and we put all the things we needed in a backpack. And my friend drove a car. And we came to this beautiful mountainside. And first of all, we put up our tent. And we did some cooking for the dinner. And we were planning to eat some curry with rice. And everything was going very  until it started to rain.  at first  we thought maybe we could manage a little rain. But after a while it looked like a storm. And not only the rain, but also the wind  began to blow very strong. And we couldn't stay there any more. Everything was flying all over the place including the curry.  so  we decided that we should not stay there any more. So we got on the car and  left the place. But as it was already in the evening,  we tried to look for the place to stay.  so that's when my friend found this small hotel called "Hotel Cosmos". And  we decided to spend the night at this hotel. And we  got into our room and we took hot shower. And we were very relaxed and we had some tea. And we could still see the beautiful mountains. But   it looked like a clod. And but it was also very good view  to look out from the windows. But we were glad that we were not actually in that storm.
  I think we did go camping but we didn't stay overnight. We just went to this  place at riverside and we had some lunch. We did barbecue.
And  my friend, yeah. I'm not really  into this outdoor thing, but   I have a friend  whose boyfriend is very much enthusiastic about 
camping and barbecuing .
And so  he tried to take her to this riverside place but she didn't want to go alone. 
she  got me into it. And so we were like a group of maybe five or six people.
And we had a good time, I think. 
 I think it's fun if someone in your group knows a lot about mountains and rivers.
But I don't think it's very safe if nobody knows  much about the place or the landscape, because you never know what would happen as in the picture. 
 today,
you mean?
  I'm going to have lunch with one of my friends
at this very  expensive French restaurant.  So I'm really nervous right now.
I'm also looking forward to good lunch.
.
Yeah.
. Sure.
Thank you.
