 my name is .
Yes, please.
Yes, I had lunch   two hours ago.
So  today, I got up  eleven  so I had both breakfast and lunch   at the same time. I had cornflake and chocolate   small cake.
Yes,  .  I like to  exercise play ballgames, so these days, I play aerobics twice a week in the sports center near my house.
. So now  I go on a diet, yes, so, and I can learn  what exercise is  good for some muscle so I can learn  how is good for my body.
Yes, I live with my parents and my younger brother.
Yes. My younger brother is four-year university student in  University and     it was searching for job two or three months ago. Fortunately, he got a job, now   he has a lot of time   to do something so for example  he likes to play sports, too. So      he goes to the beach  to be  life   to . So  four times a week.
 .
Yeah, . So   he is so lucky. Because   now it is difficult to get a job but  he studies Economics in his university so he got a job     it is good to finding a job, I think.
 . This is a audio shop so there is several audio sets and    video and cameras, and telephones and faxes on the shelf. Yeah, I can see two television on the shelf. . One is small, other is  big one. The  clock is on the wall and   shop staff is explain to customer about products.
Yes, I like very much 
Yes .  my favorite T V program is American comedy, , so for example "Who has Beverly  Hill" so,     when I was a child,  I saw the "Full House", the American comedy at the first. .  it was so fun for me. So now, I enjoy watching this program. And  I think it is good, it is useful to learn English.
Yes.
Yes,  I want to go to New York by train and today, so what time   train  will leave today?
Yes.
So,    I want to arrive New York as soon as possible so   what time the Express arrive New York?
Seven?
And what time  will the Local arrive New York?
O K, then   I get a local ticket, please.
. Thank you.      What number of station can I go?
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Yes, one time, so   two years ago  I went to New York with my company's friends and I enjoyed two musical and one opera.
Yes. And went to   shopping in some   there are reasonable products, there are a lot of shops so       it takes two hours by bus from New York so  it is not expensive products. There is    so I enjoyed shopping very much with my friend.
One day last week,    she's Keiko.     Keiko went to cook dinner but   Keiko opened refrigerator.  She found that there is nothing to cook. So she went to the supermarket by car. She  but she choose  steak and eggs and soup  and some kind of, food she bought. And she   at the  cashier, she paid for some foods and she put into a car some      two or three bags include foods. After that, she cook steak and egg and a soup  for her family.
. So  . Some big department store give us  so many products   but  local supermarket  take   at a local supermarket I can get   . So  if I ask the staff, " please   more please cheaper,   this  vegetable, please cheaper" so the staff is "O K" so I can get   less expensive food I can get. So but some department store I cannot do that.
. So fortunately I have no  so today I   go straight my boyfriend's house and   I probably do laundry and clean 
And cook?  Maybe  he   will not come back earlier so maybe  after I clean and do laundry  I go back home. 
Thank you very much.
