 my name is . Nice to .
?
How do you write in Chinese character?
I see. Because in Chinese character.
Nice to meet you, .
 in . there is a beautiful park. And, there, we can fish.
Yes.
Yes, But can do during summer time.
 I don't know, but a little big.
My family? I have .
 he is almost retired, maybe he will retire next year.
And kids, one is a boy and one is a girl. And my son is working at a computer factory or computer business.
 so I'm hear he is very busy as considering about having relation with Y Two K and he cannot go back home, often.
So he have to standby at hotel at the end of this year.
So we cannot celebrate the new year's day together. 
And daughter is, working at a small cable television company. And she was studied in America so she can speak English and her company is very small. fortunately there is no person who can manage English except her, so she has to do everything to a negotiation between the foreign company and translate, interpret and interview, sometimes she interview at a T V program with a foreign musician but I don't have any hobby about the rock music, so 
about that. But she the time in last autumn, there was a Fuji rock festival in Naeba and she went there and she worked hard. 
.
Free time?
. Because if I have free time, I have to help my mother. she is eighty three years old and she is living alone and just a little knee problem so I have to prepare at help her
 I am free.
.
 yes. I have a hobby to playing tennis, to cook.
But, I like cook but I don't like to clean up after the meal.

. . So they don't help me, so
And my husband, he is old typical Japanese man, so he doesn't help me
to help washing, cleaning, and other things.
 he is .
. this is a picture of one these couples, maybe, I suppose, they are celebrating their, maybe anniversary.
So are taking wines the waiter is suggesting a very delicious wine or champagne. no, red wine. Because he is tasting a red wine.
 after few minutes later, they will have a nice Italian dishes such as prosciutto, linguine.
 with carbonara, linguine carbonara. And, karupatyo.
And one girl is playing the piano, along the wall but I can't see her face. Maybe she is a very nice girl. And 
No. .

Maybe I like, Italian food, and my husband also does, so we would like to go to some nice restaurant to have Italian restaurant. And I have never celebrate, my wedding ceremony but we have celebrated, our birthday respectively
Yes.
.
 shall I start?

This is speaking.
 fine, thank you. how are you?
 how about your party? did you have already finished to to prepare?
But, I'm so sorry but I can't go.
, very sorry. I would like to go there but I cannot because my mother is ill.
 she will be hospitalize tomorrow. I have to prepare today.
So, I'm so sorry. But I would like to go next time. Please .
I'm sorry. I like to do, but I'm sorry. I am a only one daughter so I have to do everything for her because she's alone and she is too old to prepare. like .
Yes, of course. I have like if my mother is in very good condition.
Thank you so much. .
So O please, accept my apology. And, to say hello to everybody to participate.
Thank you. .
I always excuse against my husband.
 because he orders everything.
 But I have, my duty everyday. I have to do everything same duty work.
But, especially in this season, it's a season, and, the junior of his company send some present, but my husband doesn't want to receive these parents from junior.
So he ask me to send thanks letter to them. And he asked me to send some other things to them, so I have to go to shopping to buy something.
So I need extra time, extra money, and 
So I often, excuse to my husband .
.
But that's reasonable I think. 
 one day last week, .
 it was raining on that day. Three friends are discussing about their having a fun. But it was rain, so they were worrying about, to take a picnic. good idea. he suggest to go to movie, so they went to the movie theater. And they buy ticket and also they buy some snack especially popcorn or something to eat during I think that movie was very adventurous movie. And one they saw airplane had an explosion but they were having some snacks and chatting and they didn't see the watch, the movie at all. But, when they got out from the theater, it became fine. So they're very, happy. And they discussed to go somewhere
.
 yes. But I don't like to watch movie in the theater.
Because if I watch in my house, I can do while watching movie.
I can do or I can do write a letter while watching movie.
The last? I don't know the English name but in . Richard Gear and some Chinese girl Richard Gear was playing a role of some businessman. He went to China on his business.
Maybe to get some contract.
But he was involved in the accident.
 and maybe life sentence because he was in prison.
And he a Chinese political affairs.
 because, and you know, there is a humanity at China, the government neglect, human right
so maybe the Chinese government ignore his right.
So he wanted to get out and at the time the Chinese girl lawyer was in charge of his crime.
But at first, she is a insisted Richard Gear to false thing to release but Richard Gear didn't want to tell a lie.
And, it's very complicated.
And of course I watched it in English
without no, .
So I was very in trouble, complicated, of course. But maybe, but, I saw the American people and Chinese humanitalian right.
.
.
New Year's Eve? No. I said that before, maybe I cannot celebrate together.
But in our family policy, we celebrate, together at a special occasion.
So maybe we will celebrate 
 the January.
 I don't know, if my son break South Korea.
Because my son likes , Korean barbecue, so he said he would like to go to South Korea to have, various kind of barbecue.
 thank you. .
You're welcome. Thank you very much.
