My name is .
Yeah.
.
My father named it.
 yes. ,  in Chinese character, ""  means pearl
and he thought  I should have beautiful mind like pearl. And ""  means home
and he wanted me to have  kindness.
And "" means Asia.
And he wanted  I should  be person in Asia. .

 I don't think so, 
but  I want to be like that.
Near .
Yeah.
 yes, I love that.
Because I can get up any time I like and I can invite my friends any time.
So it's very good.
.
 I love   because I am born in 
and  I think    is big but also  small
so we can go anywhere by train and we don't have to  use much energy to go everywhere.
And I think in Tokyo, we can go more places than , but too many people, I .
 I usually go somewhere with my boyfriend or friends,
and or I stay at home and read some books.
 I especially interest in feminism
so I read lots of books abut that.
Because I went to girls school so  I studied lots about woman there.
. Yes. I think so. For example, in my club, woman can't be the leader of the club, so I think it's not fair.
 .
Yes.

No.
. It is very sunny day and I think it's Sunday because  father is running along the street and two children are playing with ball. And  one mother is talking with her neighbor.
  there is a very big house with lots of windows and   one old man is reading papers on the chair.
I think it's very good,
because  they can exchange lots of things by chatting and they can know each other more.
So in agency, they can help each other.
. Not like that, because I live in apartment, so we don't talk with neighborhood.
 in my case,  I'm very happy  without having chat with neighborhood, because  I don't have enough time  to talk with them. So  it's easier.
No.
.
Hello? This is  speaking.
Good thank you, and you?
  are you busy  this evening?
 how about tomorrow?
So why don't you go to movies with me?
What time should we meet?
Yeah, that sounds good. And how we should  get there? Should we go there by train?
 bus sounds good because we can see scenery.
So I go to your house and go to bus stop with you.
O K, and how about lunch? Should we have lunch before we meet?
 So I think we had better have lunch after we went to town.
So see you tomorrow then.
By-bye.
 Yes.
Last movie?
 About two weeks ago,  I watched videos at home called "".
And I think it was very good. And  we could enjoy the story and  I thought  the lady  was little bit nasty,   they fall in love and it was romantic movie.
 she said lots of  unkind things to the man and she didn't thank the things which he done to her, so I don't know why he love her. 
Yeah.
. One day last week Nobuo called Hanako. Nobuo met her the day before when he met his friend in his university. He thought she was very beautiful and he wanted meet her again, so he called her and asked to go to zoo. She said "Yes," so he was very happy and he brought his car and he went to pick her up from her house. And they went zoo in sunny day. They saw lots of animals like lion or monkey. They enjoyed watching animals and talked about lots of things like the pets which they had in their life and what they are doing every day. So after the went out from zoo, they liked each other more and enjoyed the day.
Place.  Disneyland.
Last week, I went to Disneyland  after school.  because I hadn't been there for long time, so I didn't remember anything so I was very excited. And Disneyland was very beautiful and I could ride lots of things. And there were not many people, so I didn't have to wait for a long time.
.       Cinderella Castle .
 one person was leading us to inside Cinderella Castle and she was playing like talking with lots of people and she did it so well,  and  I could walk around inside the castle, so it was interesting.
, and I have to go to  my student's house because I'm tutor.
So  I'm working
after this.
 yes. She is very good student, so  yeah, I can enjoy teaching her.
 English, Japanese and math.
. Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
