Good afternoon.
Yes. I am .
I'm very fine, thank you. And you?
Typical day?
 . How I spend ?
. On weekdays? . I've just moved to a new department from February. And I normally come to the office around ten o'clock and stay until midnight.
 mainly, I spend most of my time in meetings. so I have relatively five to six meetings per day.
Yes. After that, I do my normal work .

But we have a very strong relationship with our advertising agency. And we tend to share a lot of information together, and not only by mail, but also meeting each other. We think that we can strengthen our relationship.
. In my free time, if I'm in the country, I like shopping, spending time with my friends, watching movies. And, if I can have enough time to go abroad,
 I like traveling especially to southern islands.
Yes, like Asian countries.
. I went to Cebu in the Philippines. . I pretty enjoyed. I used to live in England when I was very small. And I traveled a lot of places in Europe. But, these day, I tend to visit Asian countries and also to the States as well.
. I have many friends in other countries, and I visit them.
. I have friends in the Philippians, and also in Thailand, Singapore.
. In I met those friends in that courses.
Yes, it's very interesting.
 . This, I would like to go there. This is a ski resort, and many people enjoying skiing and also somebody is falling off the, how do you say. the place. And some couples are having coffee together. Anything else?
 sports. Other than resorts.
. these winter resorts. So that kind of sport is one of my favorite places. in this center of the city, I would rather like to go out to a relaxing place with a lot of green, quiet place.
 I just only had chance to watch the news after getting back to home. So I watch the the skating race and also the "ski dance". . . 
Ski. . Sorry, sorry. . skating dance.
. I realize that there was sad situation for the Russian couples who first of all won the gold prize. And, basically, it should be run by justice. . So I thought it's a very sad thing to happen. I think it was the Canadian or from the States, did also well. And also, the Russian couple, their also very nice.
Yes.
Yes.
.
Yes. Excuse me.
 the other day. But it didn't really fit to my size. So, would it be possible for me to exchange it to the other size?
.
? . I did. it really didn't match me after getting back home when I tried it again. So it's only yesterday that I bought. So I was thinking whether it's possible to change it to the other type.
Yes, I have this .
. . Too bad. any other chances for me to ?
 then, I'll pay the gap.
 type. And even though I keep it, I will not wear it. So I'd rather pay the gap.
.
By the way, how much is the gap?

Trouble?
. Yes. When I visited Spain, I bought this leather jacket. And it was very nice, and it was a shop close to my hotel. And, after coming back to the hotel, I noticed that this I don't know why the bell didn't ring when I left the shop. So I went back to exchange it. But then, I was asked to show them my passport. In Spain, they require to show the passport in any occasions. And I didn't carry my passport. So I had to go back to the hotel again. And then, came back in the third time, I manage to change it and also let them take off the tag. They didn't apologize at all. So I was very disappointed. 
. Then, explain?
. Yeah. One day last week, there was a man who's driving on the street. And then, from the other side, there was a guy riding a bike and also talking on his mobile phone. Probably, it was his girlfriend. And then, when the driver tried to turn to the left, this guy who was riding the bike, he dropped his mobile phone. And that mobile phone hit to the car. the bike also bumped into the car. And then, this guy who was riding the bike tried to complain to the driver. And he was showing his damage to bike. And then, the driver, I think, called the police help them out. And then, the driver tried to explain that since the mobile phone hit the car, the driver tried to avoid hitting. But, in fact, in the end, they hit. , it was carried to 
In the train?
If it's very short, I don't mind. But, if it starts to become very long, I'll start being bothered normally, in the train in Japan, is very quiet. And people tend to talk in a quiet voice. And also not only the mobile phone, but people who are listening their M D and also the C D player on the train, and even they use the earphone, the sound will come out. And that is sometimes bothering.
After this interview, I have a meeting .
. Fortunately, I have one
 left.
 I left the office yesterday in midnight. So, today, I plan to leave much much earlier. 
, indeed.
