My name is .
Yes.
Good. How are you?
Yes.
 I'm studying English. And I'm studying  linguistics.
   my major is English but I'm studying   about second language acquisition.
Yes, it's really interesting.
  I'm a English learner, and so   by learning second language acquisition, I can apply the idea into my acquisition.  and I can know how human acquire the languages and it's really interesting .
 when I have  free time, I usually  go to see a films, and read books, and go shopping.
That's what I do.
Shopping.
 there're many places, but  especially I like Shimokitazawa  many cool places
to shop.
 I like second-hand goods.
So I can find many cool second-hand stuff there. So I love Shimokitazawa.
 there're many,   I forgot the name, but there's a really cool  second-hand book shop.
And  their book is so cheap. I can find many cheap   Japanese books but also books from foreign countries.
And I really like  the shop.
I live in .
No,  I live by myself.
My  I'm from , .
  it's difficult question. But  maybe my hometown,  I like  better.
Because   although I like shopping, I still love nature. I love life in nature
  I can find many  or nature in this  city so I really miss that.
That's why I like  better.
.
O K.  there is a big house.
And two womens are talking in front of the house. And there is a little cute dog with the woman. And  there're two dogs talking also in front of the house to the right side. And I don't know what they're talking,   but to the right side of the house, there are two boys playing volleyball, I guess.
And there is a man jogging. And to the left side of the house, there is a girl doing jumping
rope. And it's very beautiful weather today there. And  across the street from the house, there is a man reading a newspaper. And in front of him, there're two trees.
.
.   this neighborhood has less green.
And  the  houses are more  modern style, I think,  to  my hometown's houses. .
  .
Yes.
Yes.
 traditional. .
 traditional  the traditional house?
.  I don't know about these houses but usually in traditional houses, there're  rooms.
And I like  rooms a lot because I can lay down on the  mat. I can  feel relax. I don't really like sitting in the chairs usually so I think that's the good things about traditional house.
  rooms.
And   probably it's made  out of tree.
  but  not concrete
 I like  the atmosphere of wood.

O K.
O K.
Yes.
 hi. I came here to this shop yesterday, and I bought  this skirt.
But  when I went home, I thought that I didn't like the color of the skirt very much.
So could you please change into another color of the skirt   if you can?
 yes, but   I don't ask you to give me the money back.
I just want to change it and I will choose exactly the same style and the same  skirt.
I just wanna change the color and I didn't use it at all.
So I think I can change it to another color.
 yes, but  actually yesterday,   I was kind of depressed.
 to .
 this pink.
 but generally, I don't like pink or those  bright colors. So it doesn't match my style at all. It doesn't match my other .
 No,   I</SC>  but I just can not wear pink skirt.  . .
Yeah. And  at all.

, so .
?
O K.
  O K, so I will go home, but can I call this shop later and check if I can change ?
O K. O K. Thank you.  I will call this shop. 
  no,  I don't .
O K. .
Thank you, .

 not really.    I'm shy to do this kind of   in real life.
So I just probably   stay home and just  don't  try to change or anything. I just accept my 
.
   I think about other  clothes I have at home, and I'll think if the skirt matches my clothing, my style.  and yeah, that's  what I think
 buy .
.
.
.
O K.
O K.   one day last week,  there is a couple walking in the street. And it was raining. And the man    he heard   some animals crying.  and she noticed that there was a little cat. And it was raining so the man put the umbrella on top of the cat. And the woman asked him if they could have the cat at home. But the man was thinking because   the landlord doesn't allow them to have pets at home.  but he felt sorry for the cat, too. And she really asked him. So the man decide to  accept her, and probably  he will talk to the landlord and ask about that cat. Then they're decided go to the house and ask about the landlord about the cat.
Yes.
I had a cat once .
Best memory.  best memory was  my mom used to make me eat dried fish for my health. But I  didn't like eating 
the dried fish so I always used to give the   dried fish to my cat.
. So that was the great  .
 I told a lie to my mom saying, "I ate the dried fish.". But actually my cat was eating the fish. 

  I'll go home and      I have to write  a little  reaction paper for my class.
 I will write it.
Yes, .

.
Thank you.
