O K. My name is .
.
 fine. But I went out with my friend last night and drank a little bit. So I'm a little bit tired.
 no, not really, but I really like drinking.
.
 it depends on who I go with. if I go out with my university friends, we usually go to Aoyama or Shibuya. But when I drink with my friends from my child's nursery school, we often invite each other to our house.
Yeah. I cook something and drink there, because we can't bring our kids to .
Yeah. Once in a while.
.
 actually in this case, it's not really a party, because everybody is working and we try to see each other on weekdays. Because weekends are very important for mothers who work. and it's a very important time for kids to spend with their father.
So we try to set up a little party on weekdays.
And I don't know. I usually go shopping on the previous weekend and buy stuff for the party. And, I don't know, try to cook within an hour, maybe from five o'clock and invite them around six. But everybody brings something.
So I don't have to cook everything.
.
.
 he's five years old. And he goes to a nursery school from nine to five. And recently he really enjoys playing golf.
. I started to play golf maybe six months ago. And the reason why I decided to start playing golf is because we usually go overseas once a year.
And it's usually a resort area.
And so at a resort area, you either swim or . that's practically it. So I decided to learn how to play golf. And so my husband plays golf, so
if we go together, why not take our kid together? So recently decided to take some golf lessons.
. That's a difficult one. Because I'm not very good at that. what I mean is that if I work, I really want to concentrate on my work. And say, if I have to finish my work around four in order to pick him up at five, sometimes it's very difficult for me, because I just can't, you know, finish work there and go home. I prefer to finish what I'm doing.
So sometimes it's really difficult. But I try to distinguish the time
say, from like nine to four, it's my time. And from five onwards until he goes to bed,
it's his time. And I try to spend as much time as possible with him.
And yeah, it's working. I don't want him to feel lonely.
So that after five is really important for both of us, I think. .

Sure.
O K. it's a picture of a ski resort. a couple of kids are throwing snowballs like they're enjoying their time. I guess their parents are enjoying skiing. yeah, it seems like ordinary ski resort. There's a ski lesson going on. And this lady in purple seems to have a difficult time. She seems to be a beginner. a cup of coffee. Yeah. That's about it.
. actually I don't like sports in general.
. I guess I could ski. But it's not one of my favorites. So maybe I go once a year or maybe once in two, three years.
I really don't go skiing. but like you said, in wintertime it's difficult to play golf, so what I do is go to a golf range and practice. and prepare for the summer.
 I'm sorry. I don't really enjoy sports.
I guess it's because I'm not .
Ever since I was a child, my P E grades weren't so good.
 you know, like in Japan, you have P E lessons and you have to do certain things. Right? But I spent my elementary school days in the States. And we did have P E class but it was not like a team sport. So we did like kick balls or soccers or basketballs.
. It's not like we had to run within a certain time-type P E class. So I really didn't have to try even though I wasn't really good at it. Right? And that made me yeah, I guess that's why I never continued to do any sports for a long time.

O K.
Yes. I bought this sweater for my husband the other day and I brought it home. Actually it was a Christmas gift.
 and he tried it on and it was a bit small for him, so I want to exchange it with a larger size.
 when I bought this at your shop maybe like week ago, there was a shop attendant.
And he was with me and I told him that this could be a bit small.
 I might have to change it. And I asked him if it's possible to do that and he said yes. So that's why I bought this. And I even called from home two days ago and asked one of your staff that if I could exchange it and they said yes, so I brought it here.
.
I see.
I see.
 when will he be back?
In a week. O K. then I'll call back after a week. Maybe next Tuesday.
 yeah. But it's already January so hurt.
.
O K. Thank .
O K.
.
In general?
 I guess the price is really different.
For example, if I go to the States or some other countries, I often go to shopping malls and try to buy some stuff on sale.
And obviously there's like a winter sale or summer sale in Japan as . But it's usually like fifty percent off or twenty percent off. But for example, if you go to Macy's,
, it's like thirty percent off, and another twenty percent off and another fifty percent off, you know. They just wanna get rid of it. So it's basically like seventy to eighty percent off. And I'm always wondering if they can make any profit from that. But you know, that's really different. And I guess the shop staff's attitude is a bit different, I guess. in the States, they leave you alone. And you just have to bring your stuff to the cashier. But in Japan, they try to attend you and try to help you out when you don't need any help.
 think that's a bit different.
 which difference?
 I guess in terms of their attitude, I guess it's how much they're willing to work, you know.
 in the States, most of the places, they have like, I don't know, certain time from nine to five and their salary depends on how much they sold or not, because at the cashier, they often type in their name for the record or something. So I guess they don't have to try hard, you know, in other words they just have to do what they have to do, not extra work. But in Japan, you try to be a good staff, you know. And if you're good staff, you try to offer good service or you try to offer some help. But for people in the States, I guess that's not very important. what's important is working from nine to five, say. And getting a certain amount of salary is important. So I guess the quality of service,
 is not so important.
.
O K.
O K. one day last week, a man was driving his car. he was going to his friend's place for a party. And from the other side, there came a young guy driving a motorbike. And he was talking to his girlfriend on the cellphone. And because he was talking to his girlfriend on the cellphone, he wasn't watching where he was going. And he bumped into this car and dropped his cell phone and broke it. at first this young guy on the motorbike complained that it's this other guy's fault that he broke his cellphone and his motorbike. But I should have named him, 
this guy didn't agree to this young man. So they decided to call the policeman. And they explained the situation to the policeman. And the man on the car claimed that it's not his fault that this accident happened. so I guess I don't know, maybe they decided to talk about it some other day, because this man on the car was in a rush. And the guy on the motorbike called the truck and asked them to tow away his motorbike and repair it.
 so it's really both of them's fault. in a car accident, you never can be hundred percent good or hundred percent bad. And so I think this guy on the motorbike is worse than this guy on the car.
So maybe he has to pay eighty percent. and this guy on the car has to pay twenty percent of this whole mess. But sorry. That's not policeman's . if I were this policeman, I would just listen to what they have to say and so I have to to make some documents.
And what they should do or want to do after that depends on the insurance company.
.
 yeah, I have some work to do after this. So I might go home and finish up my work.
But it's a nice day today. 
 might be a good day to go shopping,
maybe.
Or I have a cup of coffee outside.
Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you.
. You, too. Thank you.
