Yes, my name is .
Nice to meet you, too.
 I'm living my nearest station is station, Line.
No, I live by myself.
Yes, is in , but actually I live in . . That is just board exist near station, and . So I barely can have telephone number zero three, but if I lived five minutes left, my telephone number would be zero two four two for 
 I'm from .
Yes, my family contain six people include me. My grandfather, grandmother, father and mother, and my small brother.
Yes. . He goes to high school and major in agriculture. But next year his school and the same city's other high school would be and so he is in baseball club, but and he is regular now, but next year, baseball club member would be increase and so his regular is on the air.
Yes.
 a woman is she indicates the computer to someone, but in the picture, I can't find any other person. So if possibly, she point out computer for her cats, but her cats seems not to be interested in it. 
. Yes. . luckily I have two rooms. So that is the first difference, and my room also has a computer. And my telephone is facsimile, so her room doesn't have facsimile. So that is the second difference. And , the biggest difference is she has pets. I rent my room so maybe I can't have my pet, but of course I can have pets such as but actually I don't I have never wonder I want to have pets so I'm not sure if I can have pets.
Yes.
Yes. . while role-playing, I can look this card ?
.
So I'm ready.
Hello. . this is . . How about going to the movies this weekend?
. . The movie is now "Harry Potter". . And so when and where will you meet?
. Yes, so the movie theater is in Ikebukuro. so let's take Line for take the theater. O K. I'm forward to seeing you next weekend. Good bye.
Not actually.
. I'm addicted to shopping. . Especially bookstore or . I make my rule. . Big Camera, that is dangerous place. I may spend rather than I would waste money so much so I may avoid going to Big Camera.
. . First I use Line so from my house and to going of course there is Ikebukuro, but first I should not exist for east exit. If I go to Big Camera, in addition, I would go to Merry-go-round from Big Camera.
. One day last week, I can say I? I and my sister go to my home on my way home I hear the voice of some animals crying and there is a box and my sister opened From the box, a pretty cat came keeping the cat by ourselves, but have had pet so I said, "No, we can't," But I talked with my sister finally I can't answer my sister well. So my sister won, and we decided to keep the cat by ourselves.
. . This is story and first I saw the picture I imagined you know, " Holmes". So I followed the story .
Yes, I have extra class. . Actually School of Law ended last Saturday, but extra class, and I have School of Education class also. So I must attend the class.
Thank you.
.
