?
My name is .
Yes.
I'm fine but, I have to run so I am little tired now.
I missed train, sorry.
Pardon?
I live in prefecture.
But it takes me thirty minutes from my house to this school.
Yes.
I live in alone in an apartment.
 but I lived alone when I was high school student so I was use to be.
 what?
Yes, and my hometown is small village so there are not any high school. So I went out the island and went to high school in the city.
 my home village has only eight hundred people so there are only junior high school and elementary school. . The Island is famous for Japanese orange and fishes.
It is very delicious. 
 in Prefecture.
Pardon, I'm sorry.
 I feel in lonely and the biggest city the people usually not don't across conversation for example "Good Morning", "Hello". But, in my home town, in village, if we meet at first time we are smile and 
So . in fact I love my island it was very enjoyable time.
Sunday, let me see I remembered. I went to shopping in Shibuya and I bought some nice suits to wear in my friend's concert.
 it will be hold December twenty-six.
 he is a member of orchestra and he play horn.
So, Christmas concert.

Yes.
Yes. O K, . I think this picture describe some party or restaurant it looks be high class restraint, and I can see two guest, one is woman and the other is man. they look enjoy talking and drinking some wine. And in the picture I can see other two couples eating and is playing piano.
No, I like cooking. So 
 date?
 museum, or amusement park and so on.
 my friends are almost whenever we have a free time my in fact I love roller coaster so often I say my friend "Shall we go amusement park?" but almost my friend don't like roller coaster so.

Yes.
Yes.
Yes, I see.
 I'm sorry but wanna go to New York and how can I get the ticket to New York?
 where can I get the ticket?
Yes?
.
. Yes, I wanna go to there as soon as possible so please tell me the way to the fastest way.
Yes, so the super express's ticket I want. How much is it?
O K, so please one ticket to New York of super express please.
Thank you.
Yes.
Thank you. 
. . .
Airplane.
To far away, far place.
So, I don't remember now.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yes, one day last week when she opened the refrigerator's door but there weren't any food. she thought " my God. How can I cook today's dinner.". So in a hurry she went to super market near her house by car and she bought many things in spite of not to go shopping in that week. After the shopping she carried the food she bought and she went to home. As soon as she arrives her house she started to cooking with the food she bought before. That's all.
Yes.
. super market near my house.
 because in the store the food is usually cheap then in department or the delica shop.
So I like the super market.
 not club I'm in archeology major.
 especially we haven't started yet but I want to study the Inca empire in South America.
No, this is my holiday.

Yes.
Thank you.
