 My name is .
 meet you.
Yes. Please.
. . Very fine because   I slept enough. 
I'm always like sleeping so.
 .  not usually but   lately I have to make  thesis paper by the end of December. . .
About  law. Yeah.  my major is economic law, and  thesis is  the balancing between the  economic law. Economic law is . About like anti-trustee.
And between the  intellectual property.
 .  but yeah.  but I've been studying law for like five or six years, undergraduate school, and then now I'm in the graduate school so I should try something difficult.
  . Actually   I was not interested in law   when I started  studying about law, but  after several years of study,  I'm getting interested in like . You know, first of all, I think  law is about something  that is necessary for   person's feeling. Yeah. Basically,    it is said that   the law is something logical and the theoretical. But I think law is basically something  more   human thing and to express human feeling. I think   law can be one instrument.
. I've been hoping to be a lawyer, but  I just given up because I tried  five years, and I taken fail exams three time, but  then I failed and  changed my mind to be  lawyer. And then I'm trying to be a scholar or expert.
.
. Free time? .  I like outdoor  activities best, but recently I have no time to go out  outdoor space so  second best is billiard.
.   it's called, "pool" in the United . .
How? . Yeah.   I was  taking a bar exam. I was  taking like because   I was very suffering from the difficulty of the bar exam. Then I needed  some  relax thing. And then I try  to exercise billiard because I was interested in billiard, but I was not good at billiard at that time. Then  I got know that some exercise makes people good  to play billiard, and I started  to play billiard alone  to exercise. 
Yeah. Yeah. Of course,  playing billiard with somebody is very fun, but   I think   some exercise that playing alone is very important  getting better so.
.
Yeah, I'm living alone in .
. Actually my family is in , in . 
  I'm in thirty. I've got thirty years old. Yes. .  and then I think  I should go out, and  live by myself.
. Quite nice.    yeah, but one difficulty is about money. . Except that money problem,    I'm living in by myself, and I'm feeling very nice. . .

. Describe?
About anything in this ?
O K. .  It seems sunny day, and  people are all playing outside  maybe  because it's sunny. And the childrens are playing volleyball, and a man running. It's . And the girl  in front of maybe her house,  and she is,   I don't what should I call in English, but jumping   with rope.  Yeah. So and I think  it will be   hot day this day, and the cat are sleeping very comfortably   on the top of roof of car. And in front of the car,  there is  women  chatting. And the one of the  woman is    maybe taking her own dog. And there is  that two dogs in front of the big house.   and there opposite side of the mansion, there is a chair, and  the one maybe  fifty years old gentleman are reading a newspaper. . This is .
. Yeah.  I think in this picture,  I feel very comfortable because my neighborhood is crowded because I live in  in , and so  there is a lot of buildings like  maybe  five floor high or more.  and I think this space is    when I compar my neighborhood with this picture,  I think  the town in this picture is rather large and comfortable, maybe. Yeah. I think I wanna go and  I wanna move to the town in this picture.
. Yeah.
Yeah.
.
Yeah. Excuse me,  role?
Role-play.
.
O K.
. Can I ask you something? Because   I wanna go to the New York as fast    . .   could you  give me some information about the ticket about the train to the New York.
Yeah.  I'm very  in rush so please give me  up. How much is the  express train's ticket?
One hundred fifty? And the other one is?
Seventy five dollars. . It's double, then. But I think   I'm gonna go for so. Please give me express ticket.
.
. But do you think  the second next express train is  faster than    I mean  it will be reached at to New York  faster than the normal speed one?
O K.  . I'll buy it. . Please give me  next express train ticket.
Thank you very much. Here the five thousand. Maybe it was  how much was it?  .
.
Thank you.
. Means usually?
No,  I'm riding .
Yeah, because  I don't like 
 in , especially.  it's really crowded, and I don't like the atmosphere in the especially morning.   Because it's crowded,  and so  frustrated. 
Rainy day?  I wear  .
And then  scooter.
Yeah, I had  several times, and but  fortunately I'm here. 
Yeah. And Yeah. Once I got an accident hit by car, I went street go straight, and I was actually waiting for a signal green, and then   the signal turn green so   I went straight ahead, but  there is    a woman's driver    her car was coming from the left side, and there was the family restaurant called Denny's.  she was coming out from the Denny's  by her car, and   I don't know why but she came straightly toward  my bike and  hit my bike like.  And after that,  I heard that her excuse about that accident, and she said she saw the signal  was turn green. That was my signal. 
 she wasn't  impression maybe that was her signal, but I don't know.  she hit my car. 
.

.
One day last week?
.  series of picture?
Can I have some time to think about?
O K? . 
. O K. O K. . One day last week,  the girls and the boys were walking   their brother and sister. . And the brother  heard  some noises or sound      I don't know from the  box. And they found out her cat from the box,  and the cat was so cute, and the sister liked the cat very much.  .    and  the day was unfortunately  it was rain, maybe  heavy rain, and     she thought she wanted take this cat back to the home and the       feed, I don't know, and was faced with  their family, but   this is a elder brother   thought that it would be a trouble if they take this cat back to the home because their parents don't like animals like . And   but  this brother likes his  sister very much, and the sister asked   to allow  to this cat back to  their home strongly so  finally, the brother accepted   her offer   to take this cat back to their home. Then,  they decided to go and  ask their parents  to  this cat together with their family.
. Today   I go to the drinking party  the volunteer office.
.
. Thank you.
Thank .

. .
