. My name is .
. Yes.
I'm fine thank you, and you?
. Yes, I've just had.
. I ate and salad near station.
 First, I took the line and I changed to the Line at and I also changed to Line at and it took one and half an hour in total.
 . I weeded garden and I did the laundry. 
. Yes.
 we built a new house last month and we moved there last month too. And unfortunately, the garden is weedy and for the time being, I had to do some gardening.
. Yes. . I like reading books, magazines, and I like traveling.
 magazines every week, I buy and . I think these magazines are more informative to me and the reason of buying two magazines is there is a stance of each publisher and I sometimes feel interested to compare the articles. So I always buy two magazines of the same genre.
 . This is a map of the town and should I tell the location or?
Anything? . There is a train station, and I think this is a big station because there are many lines. and there is a big river near the station. And near the river there is a park, 
 . I think the city of this map is rather countryside comparing the city where I live. . city department store and a lot of shops, . But the city of this map has few shops and . But I think it's very good to live.
O K.
Hello, this is .
I'm fine thank you, ?
. Yeah, this evening I found the window of my room was broken. . I think it's not was broken by robbery but it was just broken but I think I have I'd like to ask you to fix it as soon as possible.
. But it's very dangerous because there are many broken glasses and it's not safety. So could you please call to fix it.
 but I think there is another repairman in this town.
. Yeah, maybe I can check with the Yellow Page. if you don't mind, I will call repairman and could you please pay for that?
O K, first I will ask the repairman to estimate the cost.
Yes.
. Yeah, so far, I didn't find any trouble.
 . I got married two years ago and when we got married, we decided to buy a house, , not renting a room instead. because fortunately we proper amount and also fortunately we could find good place to live near the house of my husband's parents.
 . Should I the people in that picture?
.
.
Yeah, . One day last week, I drove car and suddenly a man bike appeared and there was accident. And unfortunately I hit the back of the bike and he claimed about it. and we called a policeman to charge the situation nobody was injured and but the bike was broken and that man called repairman to fix it.
. there was no signal in the street and both I and that man thought they can go.
. No, I don't have driver's license.
. Yes, he does.
. Yes, he is, but the end of last year, we had an accident near London. 
Yeah. we planned to go to the castle near London and we rented a car and after rented a car we started drive and I was a navigator. But I couldn't find and he saw the map driving and suddenly we felt the shock on the back of the car. But fortunately nobody was injured and the man of the car British gentleman and he's very nice and,
Yeah, and my husband called rent-car company and they immediately prepared a new car and the accident was covered by the insurance, yeah, and we could continue the drive so.
This evening. . to and and .

Yes.
To look for some small thing which will be suitable for rooms.
