 my name is .
Yes.
 I live from ,
so two years ago,
so 
now, I live in near the Station.
So it is very convenient for me to go this university.
?
 so, near my house, there is a three stations.
 so, I can use three stations, so I can go to or ,
 in many many means it is very convenient for me
to live in .
And near my house, there is my favorite restaurant.
So, this restaurant is curry restaurant.
So it is very small restaurant, but 
curry is . So, sometimes I go to that restaurant.
.
 .
.
Different? So, I think, in , there are many many people, and that people is from various place,
for example, Hokkaido and and Sendai.
So there are many many kind of peoples
in , I think.
So, I can't say about a special comment about people of .
 but, , I think the people of I think, very very 
 for example, the people of walk slowly,
and speak 
 more slowly than people.
.

 yes. I have some hobby, but now I like going to ,
 small hot spring.
 near my house, there is one ,
so I like very very 
 when I have no part-time job,
 I go to 
 alone. 
Yes. O K.
 one woman is in her room, and she sits down behind of her desk, and in her desk, there is one computer. she bought recently this computer, and she likes to use computer. And she uses computer, for example, Internet and e-mail to her friends. And today, she has a holiday from high school, so in her room, she uses her computer. And in her room there are two her pets, cats and a dog. So, she likes cat and dog. she and now she writes e-mail to her friend by her computer. And she writes about her pets, dog
 cat. So, she has good time to use her computer now. 
all right. 
.
Yes.
E-mail?
 e-mail . two years ago, I entered this university,
and from that time, I could use computer of this university, so use e-mail.
 so from that time, I thought e-mail is very convenient because I can write to many many place. I can't write to my friends of many many place by e-mail, for example, and Okayama and Kyoto.
I have many many friend in that many place
 of Japan,
and of America. So if I can't use e-mail, letter,
but if I use letter, it takes many many time.
 I have to write and I have to take in a post my letter.
So I need many many times.
But by e-mail, I can write my letter, and it takes no time,
I think. And, I can write to many peoples
of some places, so it is very convenient for me to use e-mail.
O K.
.
Yes, so now, I am looking forward my apartment.
So, recently, ,
so I have to find my apartment to live. So my apartment that apartment I want to live has three points.
One point is cheap.
And near the station.
And third point is big.
So I want to that apartment.
 do you have?
.
Yes. In Omiya?
 I think Omiya is very good place, but I go to ,
so I think Omiya is very far from . So I want to more near from Station.
.
 expensive between Omiya apartment and apartment of ?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
.
 thousand yen? that apartment of is big?
 really? ,
 bath and toilet is different?
. .
? yes.
Yes. 
I want to see.
?
 O K. Please take me.

 so, I don't know place,
 lives in .
So he lives two years, so he knows about and many many place.
So he takes me to ,
so we walked about ten ,
walking 
 see the apartment.
So now, I can find good apartment.
.
"One day last week"? O K. . I can use many sentences?
. O K. .
O K. . I will start.
 one day last week, have three people had a holiday from their school.
So, to go unfortunately, one day last week, it was raining. So they couldn't go outside and they couldn't play outside. So to do they could to do. And they found what they could do. they thought go to the movie theater
to see the movie.
 so they went to the movie theater to see the movie. their ticket of movie.
And they had a little time to start that movie, so they bought their drink, and they bought popcorn.
So, coca-cola and popcorn, and one women bought orange juice and popcorn,
 but that man bought only coca-cola 
he didn't have much money. 
So, they sitted down good place,
 center of this movie theater so they could have a good time
 seeing the movie. they saw the movie of action.
So in that movie, airplane had a accident, and from that accident, the big story started.
And, excited they were exciting and good time after finishing that movie, 
 it stopped raining,
so they went to outside and they played outside.
Yes, .
 recently, I saw the "Elizabeth".
 do you know?
 the "Elizabeth" is very very good movie
because Elizabeth is a very strong woman.
But, "" in "Elizabeth" story, she has very accident, and her heart changes
to be the queen
 of England,
so that story is very very interesting.
.
Yeah.
Christmas? . I spent with my friend.

Yes.
Yeah. And I want to cook cake.
.
Yes.

Yes. .
Yes, and I like to cake and cookie and sweet food,
 I like.
, maybe in this Christmas, I want to cook cake for my friend. 
 thank you.
 thank you.
Thank you.
 O K. .
