 .
Pleased to meet you.
 no, actually I haven't had lunch today.
 I had a meeting with someone outside the office, so  to see  and I didn't have lunch. 
 Yes.
  I  usually have lunch at  desk,  so my    computer to check mails and  Internet.
 there is one place  near   this office also the station. It's called "Yamaoka". It's a Japanese restaurant, and  they are   quick and also they have very tasty foods everyday. .
You like the fish?
They have   raw fish, too. . .
.
  recently I go to   school   where I can learn business skills, presentations or communication skills. .
      there are two types of classes. And   as I told you, one is presentation and the other one is  business communication skills. So at  presentation course, I have to prepare some materials to present   in front of the all students. And  it's hard to do in front of people, but it's interesting. And  the other one  business skills is mostly communication skill. So,  when  we talk to each other,  there is  some kind of role. So  they teach  how to break the wall and expressing yourself. .
 
 yes, I found it very helpful.   I'm still taking that course, so   I cannot  do  what I  learned in the class. But   already I can tell some part of me   was changed. And I can talk to people  here very friendly, and also   I couldn't do any   negotiations      if someone tell me do something which I don't want to do. I couldn't say no, but recently I can somehow negotiate.
Yes.  this is a picture of a class. There are   six students in this class. The teacher is a woman, and she seems to  be a mathematic teacher  in a mathematic  class. Those students are not so interested in mathematics, so  some are  chatting, some are listening music and drinking.  And one man is  chewing  gum, but  there are two students who are enthusiastic about this class.
      when I was a high school student, our class was  mostly  not like this.  But    we were  more   enthusiastic, I think. But  some classes like English conversation class, we were not   so happy, so  we were not   interested in what teacher  was saying.  So we   chatted each other in Japanese, I think, like these two girls.
.
Yes, I think   high school students nowadays are more   self-concerned   than what we were.  we  did what we were told or   what we were supposed to do    without thinking its meaning.  But I think  high school students nowadays  do not do what they don't want to do, or they don't understand  why they have to do. So        some points, they are doing right things. But    sometimes  you have to do something you don't want to do  in a lifetime. So    that's the differences.
  I  before. But you  all right?
. .  O K. . Ring, ring.
Hello, this is .
How are you?
I'm doing good.   listen,  I was wondering if I can cancel the invitation,   the dinner party you  invited me.
 .
 yes, I was  really  looking forward to seeing you and joining the party, but   business  matter  occurs.  And I have to  go to work at this weekend. .
.
 it's very kind ,  but    there is  project, you know.   March is going to be  the end of fiscal year in many Japanese companies, so    there is a   big   project  which encourage  our customers to buy   things we sell.  and I was appointed    to be a project leader, so  I cannot   excuse that business project.
.
Yes. Why not?
Yes, I am going to be free.
 thank you very much for
 reconsider it.
Thank you, bye.
 yes. I am .
 when I go out, I usually   go to see a movies,  or  to visit restaurants. .

 sometimes I  suggest what to do to my friends, but   sometimes friends ask me  to what to do. .
Yes.
.
 .  One day last week,  a man was going to  the station at eight o'clock  and in the morning, I think.   when he got on a platform,   attache case the suitcase  dropped  on a railroad.   so he was angry at the person who was next to him because he thought the man  pushed  him and because he pushed him that he  dropped  his attache case.  Meanwhile  the train     came to the platform, and his suitcase  was almost crashed, he thought. So he screamed, but, after    the  train passed, he found his   attache case was safe. And  railroad officer  picked his  attache case and passed it to him. So he finally  go to his work.   ends.
?
 no   I haven't had dropped anything on a railroad. .
  .
 yes     if I leave my umbrella  on a train, I will  ask railroad officer    that    where I leave the umbrella or  which  car of the train .  then, the  railroad person will   help me found the umbrella.
I usually   get out of work after six o'clock.
Yes, it's punctual.
   I go home as soon as possible  take some rest and start reading or watching T V, listening music.
 not many time. I live with my parents. .
  .
.
 yes, quite often we go out to eat. 
. And   I'm  working at the accounting department,   and  we work as a team, so it's important to be  good friends. 
 we try to be nice each other.
Thank you very much.
