My name is .
 yes.
Yes, ? I'm fine, thank you, and how are you?
 I got up a t six o'clock.
Yeah, because I make my old son's lunch box. So I wake up six o'clock.
Yes.
Yeah, today's menu is .
. no. It's so easy because I usually make lunchbox so so easy for me.
Yes.
. I live with husband and two sons. my husband job is High School every day and younger son go to elementary school near the house.
 Junior High School
No, he is very kind so he joins in history club and boxing club so he is every day.
Yeah. So
Yes.
 my hobby is flower arrangement and playing the piano. when I was young, I play the piano everyday. So my job is pianist and electrone teacher.
Best point? Do 
. Because it's a so confident for me to play the piano and I like classic very much.
. I'm sorry I don't know composer.
 classical musician? Yeah, and I like Horowitz and and I like conductor of Seiji Ozawa.
 . last week, I went to opera, conductor of Ozawa in Tokyo so it's a very wonderful and.
Yes.
Yes. 
Yeah. . I see a big clock, the time is seven o'clock. And many couples are eating dinner and to start dinner this is memorial day. because the sommelier sees him have this champagne and the man said " it's a nice champagne so I want it". and he tasting a wine. And both champagne and red wine want . And she likes him . And some music is because she is playing a piano.
 . I like Japanese food but sometimes I go to French restaurant. Because there're so many French restaurants in Tokyo is great. So last week, I went to Continental Hotel dining room, so I had lunch with my friend and it's a so delicious and .
Yes.
, hello, .
 How are you?
 I want to go movies. . Last week, I wanted to go movies but I didn't see the movie so I want to go "Green Mile" with me? How about?
. This week and tomorrow or I'm sorry, next day or this Saturday, I'm free.How about you?
Good. Yes, this Saturday. what time do you go to the movie?
. . Eleven clock I will go to shopping for my husband, so after then, I will go to Shibuya at twelve o'clock, O K?
Yeah, that's I'm, so glad see you.
Bye bye.
Yes, .
. I like Audrey Hepburn very much so I saw many movies, old movies I like so much.
. "" or "" or and French old movies for example "".
She's cute and she looks like so kind and her fashion is so fashionable.
Yes.
It's O K?
One day last week, she went department store to buy necktie for her husband. So buy and asked him, "How about this necktie? It's great, I like stripe best". But he said, ". How about this dot necktie?". So she wanted this one please so it's present for him. And he "How about the color of ribbon?". And " red one please" so she bought it. And after, she wanted her clothes. " what floor I did I go?". "It's a third floor.". So she went third floor to buy her clothes.
 perhaps necktie.
Yes, I'm sorry, only he went with me for dinner.
But usually I asked him to buy anything wanted nothing for me.
. and he thinks he don't hear "I don't like this.". So he always give me money 
It's O K I'm very fun. I like this very much.
 this afternoon, I will go to my younger son's cram school. . Because he will challenge junior high school examination next year. So now he studies very hard everyday so I will go to his cram school to buy his book and asked his teacher "how about he?".
