Good morning.
My name is .
. How are you?
 I just woke up 
I don't feel ,
but fine.
 I just live near where's .
Yeah. ,
very close. I don't have to use any train, in morning rush hours, so very happy with that.
 here two years ago, because I changed my room. because of my, kind of exchange study in Australia, so then, I thought, " the place is not really convenient for me, so maybe I can change . Chance to change after the one-year off.".
, I'm senior now.
, yeah, I already spend two years here.
I already finished it.
.
. 
 yeah, kind of, yeah, job I really wanted to have. The job is called manual director
which is a kind of director brochures. So I wanted to be a writer
at beginning, so I searched for some publishing companies, and I also started kind of part-time job at a publishing company. But, I thought, "Maybe my ideal is bit different from the truth.". So I thought, " I have to find a different way or different field.". Then I got the job at , 
 is kind of entertainment company.
So, maybe I can enjoy the creating entertainment things as well, 
only writing.
.
 so hard special for girls. Like in a usual job-hunting system, there are three or four interviews before they hire. And like, first step, second step, that's fine, and, you know, I can tell them my experience and also how success for study or activities, and so on. So, that was, yeah really, actually successful, but the final interview was problem.
Like they pick first boys, because they need the boys first, I suppose. And then, if they have still some room,
they would just hire girls. So, I felt really unfair at that time, so I was not emotionally stable. But now, there are some companies like , like very equal. Now, my future co-workers are really equal between male and female, so that's .
.
.
 may I start?
O K. electric no, shop. and there are some audio sets and video camera, the T V's, telephones, maybe a kind of independent talked to the boy, and he suggested the watch on a showcase. Maybe I think the boy asked the owner, where the watches are, and then he indicated the place. And he is choosing one of them. look same, but colors are different, so he is going to choose the color finally. And actually, he doesn't really want to buy anything else. He is very concentrate on a watches. And now, also he still have some questions about watches, like waterproof or things like that.
?
.
, yeah.

 first, most time, starts new products. first in a world. Some people said is a experiment mouse because try everything first. So I mean most of time, they fail to produce new products, but like, a few products are really successful, 
they can earn the money from that. For example, , do you know ?
It's a kind of robot.
And, robot pet. And started the product, and everyone else said, " robots are not really, you know, popular. Especially, the shape is like a dog. So, I think the Japanese prefer real dogs to robots dogs. but started anyway, and then they got really great successful story of that. And then, they started selling on the web site. Only on a web site, so you can't buy at shop. So, that make it more precious and the, you know, rare.
Some manias really wanted to have. but only sold first a thousand sets in the world. 
there's big competing. And then thought, " so many people really wanna have that.". so they started, like big project 
that. So, I always think you know, is hoping to have new products, and also they have idea of dreams, so maybe that kind of feeling synchronized with the some people who really believe is best.
.
.
. O K.
O K.
Hello. This is . Hi. How are you?
 sorry about you know, party, I really hoping to go, to the party you hold tonight, but actually, I can't, because , my car's got accident, and I can't, you know, move from my home. Just I have to stay home because my family's all out tonight.
 nobody can't take me to your place, so I'm sorry. I was really looking forward to going there.
.
Yeah. But, just I called fixing company, and they said they'll come tonight also, 
now it's the end of the year, so they have a really, you know, many things to do. So, they only have the time tonight. So otherwise, they can't fix in you know, this year. So I should wait for that.
 no. But, you know, I don't want to keep you, you know, worried so maybe this time, I just, you know, I can't go, but maybe next time, yeah, if you have could you please invite me?
And also, you know, maybe next year, I'd like to have kind of millennium party 
and can I ask you to come?

.
See you.
Yes. drinking and singing.
 I like, you know, making fun with other people.
 that's good question, 
 recently, I've started, you know, organizing a 
millennium party, so I said "millennium "
so in the topic. actually, we visit kind of club at Roppongi.
It cost much, 
but everyone told me, " it's millennium. It's, you know, only one time in thousand years.". "Yeah, but every day is actually, , only day in thousand year," I said. But, they said, " no. We can pay money.". And specially, I have one-year off in I mean, university days, so most of my friends already graduate from university, so they have money,
but they don't have, you know, time. So, if they have like holidays or weekends, they real want to make fun
with lots of money, and kind of gorgeous party.
But, I don't have much money like them. But, this time, "O K. Millennium.
. O K. I'll agree with you.". And then, we've started planning the party, maybe club, and then we ask them to cook something
.

O K.
O K.
O K. May I start?
O K. One day last week, I wanted to cook for my friends, but in fridge, I didn't find any food. and it's not really good because my friends're coming soon, so I decided to go to a supermarket by car. And then I got there, and I start shopping. And some foods are really cheap and reasonable, so I bought a lot. but, that's not so bad, because they had kind of saling in day so when I paid it at register. And then, I was very lucky because I took car with me. That means I bought too much. if I came on foot, maybe I couldn't carry that much. But, finally, I got lot of foods in a car, and then I went back. And I started cooking, and my friends coming, so I was very happy because I'm really good at cooking, so I really wanted to show off. 
 yeah. Very similar to my mother. 
.

I say, "No" 
 I really like maybe, going out for working outside. you know, recently, some peoples are saying like SOHO. It's working at home, but still I want to go out and work outside, because, you know, I can absorb everything maybe, I can find lots of friends outside, and also like knowledge from friends or bosses, co-workers. So, that make me really happier and feel, you know, "I'm advancing day by day.". But, if I just in a home, and waiting for a husband, maybe that's really stressful for me. And, also sometimes, I might make my husband stressful as well, because in his mind, always he think, " my wife is waiting for me till late night.". Or if he comes back, and like I can't tell him about my story because every day is exactly same, like
start cooking,
cleaning, and 
 that. But, if I go out, like every day is different, 
I can talk and you know, can enjoy the conversation with husband, so we both can enjoy the life, I suppose, if I continue working. 
maybe if I have a baby,
I might quit.

. actually, that's the last long holiday
, so I think first, I save money.
Actually, yesterday, I finished my graduation thesis.
 to hand in
the office, and then I start looking for some part-time jobs.
I already have one. maybe that's not enough for,
you know, my.
Yes. travel. Maybe travel around Europe or something.

Thank you very much.
