My name is .
Yeah.
 can call me .
Yeah.
Good.
 tired, though. 
 I study linguistics.
Yeah, yeah.
Favorite ? maybe 
 he is very kind to me and kinda younger than other professors.
So pretty easier for me to talk with.
 mostly linguistics things. But not really personal things, but
just for study. 
I live in , in .
 Yes.
 my family. l have a father and mother and two older sisters. My father works in for a security company.
And my mother work as a part-timer. And my two older sisters also work as a part-timer. And
that's about it. 
Yeah. .
 when I was like in a primary school, it was a very good situation because I knew everything what I was supposed to do like in .
But after I got in like high school, there is not so much of advantage. .
.
 I like playing soccer
and maybe 
playing badminton. Yeah.
 when I was in second grade,
 everybody started to do either baseball or soccer. And I chose soccer for play.
And my mother was playing badminton for as hobby.
And I was just following her and started to play.
O K.
 it is a room. And a girl is sitting on the desk. And on the desk, there is a computer and type writer. And in the room, there are two pets of her maybe. And a dog is lying on the floor and the cat is sleeping on the bed. And also what is this, C D player, maybe.
Record player
is there. And the door is opened. 
 not really, but yeah, .
I do. My room is separated with the other room by what is it, the closet things. 
 it's not really my own room, but it is
kinda separated.
 this room on the computer is much wider than my own room.
And I do not have any C D player's things in my room. And I don't have any pets.
And my room is much more messy
than this one.
Yeah, kind of yeah. Because all the sounds and things are, you know, going out and coming in from the other and to the other room.
 I want one. 
O K.
.
.
Hello, I participated in a tour
of your company.
And there are many different things from what it says on the ads and what actually it was. .
.
 I don't know, what's so different.
 what's so .
I thought hotel was much more beautiful when I saw the ad.
 that was not really as good what ad said. 
 yeah, but they said, it was a part of the tour so
 anything about that. And ask me to complain for the company. calling.
 .
 I don't have any time for going again so can you to some extent to match the expense of what I thought and what
 actually was?
.

Can you do as much as you can do? 
.
All right.
O K.
Thank you.
Yes.
 it was like one year ago
to the United States
to see my friends and host family.
 that was in March and my driver's license in was expired so I needed to to see my host family and to re-issue the license. And I stayed at my host family's house,
and went to national park and things. And then I went to California to see my friends at San Diego.
 I stayed in my friends' house for one week to just play with them.
.
 I wanted to see my high school when I participated in an exchange program. And I wanted to see my friends in . And I had not seen my friends in California for like two years so I went to see him.
That's
.
O K.
Can I start?
O K. One day last week, we planned to go to camp. And then we made a camp and started cooking. But it began to rain, and the rain was too hard. And we just decided to move leaving the camp and stuff there.
And we found a hotel near where we were trying to camp. And we just relaxed at the hotel. 
 yes.
 like when I was a junior high school student,
I was a member of boy scout.
So I did many camping.
And when I went to United States for the first time,
also my host father liked camping so
we went camping.
 usually Japanese camping, there are certain places to camp.
But in United States, there is not a certain place, it's just make a camping, sleep there, right? .

The latter, maybe,
because it's more close to the nature.
Because it's a idea of camping, right?

 the latter one better.
.
No. for drinking.
I go for a drink.
Shinjuku.
 not really. We usually go drinking near Yotsuya Station. .
.
Yeah. For a circle I'm in.
Tonight, maybe eighteen.
