My name is .
Nice to meet you.
I'm fine, thank you. And you?
Yes, please.
I live in   not far from your company. It's about ten minutes away by my bicycle.
Yes. I was born  in  and I used to live in the States for ten years.
Since I came back to Japan and I enjoy living and working in .
 first of all, it is very convenient  although there are many people and many cars  which create traffic jams, but I can go to  many places in less than half an hour.
And there are many artistic activities
which I am interested in. So  I enjoy most of the time.
I like to go to  a music concerts.
Such as jazz and pops,
sometimes classical music
as .
 my favorite musicians are mainly from foreign countries.
 recently there was a artist called  Eric Clapton and I really like him.
And if I live in , I have many opportunities to see  these great concerts.
Yes, I did.
 it was very exciting.  unlike other concerts, there are relatively older audience.
  probably in thirties or forties who enjoy his music when they were younger like .
   I felt that I was  them,

 nice.
Yes.
First,  I  lived in  for five years to study fine arts
in the college.
And then after I graduate from college, I moved to  then worked for  computer graphics  for  almost two years.
 and I moved back to  and lived in outside of  and worked there for over two years   for the  music productions.
It's a very difficult question to answer because   and  are pretty different in many aspect. For instance, if I  like to enjoy
night clubs,  is the best place whereas  is the best place  to study. Many  good universities. And   has a lot of natures like   beautiful beaches.
So I think it totally .
O K. This is a scene from a classroom. Looks like  a female teacher   who is standing in front of  the  blackboard is teaching mathematics according to the diagram she writes on the board. And there are  more than seven students in the classroom. But  seems to me that  most of the students are not interested in her lecture. Probably one or two students are listening to what she is saying.
O K.  my educational experience in the States was the  university level.    however I also had my college degrees from Japan.
So if I compare the difference between Japanese and American universities, the major difference was that,  in Japan, most of the cases, the  professors or assistant professor, whoever teaching,  were the main speakers whereas in the States,  not only teachers or professors but also students are expected to participate  in the discussions.
So from my memories,  I had more opportunities to speak up in the classrooms.
I think  in Japan, if I just listen to the lectures, I felt like I understood what was going on but in many cases, it wasn't true. But in the States,   in the classroom, if I had to participate in the conversations or discussions, I had to understand  to be part of it. So  many cases, I realize that speaking  or being part of the discussion was very important
to learn something.
.
O K. 
.
Hi, . How are you? It's been long time to talk to you.
 listen. I have a bad news for you.
 regarding the party you are organizing this coming weekend,
I was really expected to be there. But unfortunately, my boss from the company
called  to ask if I could cover up my colleague's  position. There will be a big events  within my company.
And   my colleague was supposed to take care of it but I think  he has to take care of  his  mother who is now sick in hospital.
 I won't be able to come to the party. But will you plan to have another party in the near future?
.  yeah. I understand. I was really looking forward to it.  but if I don't listen to my boss, I might lose my job, which is .
Yeah. I  already talked to several other people in my sections but they have already  their family   plans. And my boss  knew that I just live by myself  and I don't have any kids, so I think I am   the best person who could cover up my colleague's absence.
 I can't really promise you at this moment but  it's quite possible, maybe.  as soon as I finish the  company events, I might be able to  stop by at the party. But  it could be probably at the end of your party.  if it's O K with you but I can't really promise you.
I understand. I know it's very sad. And I'd never had this kind of bad occasions before but this is my first time that I have to really ask you to accept my situation.
 tell that   I won't be able to come to your party because of my company's urgent  events that I  somebody has to really take care of.
I truly hope that you'll organize another party and I cross my fingers that there won't be 
  emergency like this next time.
I promise and I tell my boss in advance that I won't be able to   help him next time.
I hope so, too.
 for inviting me.
O K. .
 sure. Compared to Japan, I think there were more occasions. You asked me if I went to parties but in fact, people came to our place.
So   I think  it was very common to live with other students, meaning sharing apartment with bunch of other student to save   the rentals
or utilities.
So   I used to live with three other students so there were four of us.
 almost every weekend, there were friends of somebody
at our place all the time. So as a result, we had a party-like occasions almost every weekend.
Or even   the  night in the weekdays as .
.
One day last week. O K. I make past sentences. O K. There was a Japanese man  walking to a station around eight o'clock in the morning. He usually  take train to go to his office every morning. And it is probably wintertime  when the temperature is below ten degrees Celsius. So  this is the daily thing he usually   does. And like many other Japanese stations  in Tokyo, there are many people waiting at the  station. And  this Japanese businessman was one of the person  who was standing in front of the lines. And there was a couple of Japanese businessmen who are talking to each other. It seems that they are talking into something very seriously. And at one moment, one of the guy who was next to this Japanese man move his arm and it hit this Japanese man's business bag very badly. And as a result, his bag was fallen onto   the rail. And  it was an accident. And it seems that the guy who hit this Japanese man, let's call him Hiroshi, Hiroshi,  to say "I'm sorry. It was an accident.". And  people around Hiroshi was also looking at them and wondering what would happen in the next. And since this was a rush hour in the morning, there was a train passing by  this station. This train wasn't supposed to stop. So the conductor on the train didn't have time to stop   the train   just for Hiroshi's  bag on the railway. So the conductor had to move on. And everyone was almost screaming that his bag was ran by this train. But few seconds later, after the train passed the station, everybody was relieved to see that   Hiroshi's bag was still there without any damages. And everyone was so happy that it wasn't really bad accident. Just his bag lying on the railway.  And as soon as the train left the station,  this person who's working for  the station came down to the railway to pick up Hiroshi's bag and bring it back to him. And everyone was  staring at what was going on and see nothing really bad happened. So some of them were even clapping their hands
for the happy-end.
Yes.   as you might know that I participate in the triathlon races occasionally, not as a professional athlete, but semi-professional or   hobby,
 I usually go to gym  in the evening. So I will go back home after this session.
And probably   half an hour later, I will go to gym and work out there for couple of hours.
 surprisingly, there are many people .
I guess many people like to  shape their bodies if not like body builders but  just to be fit.
There are many people
 from housewife to college student
 retired
men .
.
Very surprising.
And I think it's very interesting community where so many different kinds of people with different background meet and do something similar. Not together but at the .
.
You're very welcome.
