.
My name is .
Yes, sure.
Fine, thank you, and you?
. . . Nearby , you know, .
Yeah. Nearby .
Fireworks in the summer time. 
That's a  entertainment  for kids.  Playground, like Disneyland, all times now. Disneyland is taking over.
Yeah. So it's not so popular now.
Because  everybody is going to Disneyland rather than old  facility at  .
Yes, of course.  Many, many years ago, when my boys were still  small.
Two boys. Yes.
Yeah. They are already grown-up. They are taken up a job. . One is a security's companies. The other is a real estate. And they are both   somehow engineers. Not,  you know, like  myself was background is law school, but they are graduate from mathematics, and the other is  electrical engineer.
. I think basic skill is communication including English if they are working for    multi-cultural companies.   and  knowledge of their own field and also some problem solving,  how they have to solves some problem which are encounter   their situation. So their basic skills and then if they are grown up to   higher position, they naturally need managerial skills.
So they are two layers of skills. One is basic skills, communication, problem solving, and  conflict interest  in many things,  team work. And then, second level is so-called leadership or managerial skill, yes.
Many Japanese companies, they are working for Japanese companies, providing training for newcomers. Orientation,  two years later, and five years later, and they gradually  take over many jobs and  different jobs, and learn on the job training as well as a seminars and school-type of training.
.    yes, it was  traditionally company was responsible to grow people, but, nowadays,  the trend is a little bit changing. . Individual is also responsible for his or her own   growth or training. Yes, yes.
. Sure, sure.
. Yes. I have a hobby of scuba diving. . I got a license ten years ago in Hawaii. And, once every year, I tried to go to Hawaii, or, sometimes I went down to Great Barrier Reef in Australia. It was fantastic view.
Scuba diving is very  a kind of different world. .  Underwater as you know. So it's fascinating world, indeed.
I love it.
I recommend you. 
Sure.
Yes, of course. You have to get the license to be eligible go down  with, you know,   facilities.  , and then,   it's not dangerous if you go through proper process. So you need some  knowledge and  skill of of, say,  maneuverings equipment and  how to breathe and everything. So it takes  minimum three days go through that process. And you got the license, and you are less dangerous  than otherwise. Yes.
Yeah. Sure.
.
Yes. . This is  a picture of classroom  for,  say,  junior high school or even  primary school. Maybe,  older, because of the blackboard says something  higher level of,  I believe, mathematics. And the teacher is female, and  I was wondering whether that affects some of the psychology of the students. . Some of them   bubbling   chewing the   gum, drinking water and  chatting. And it's a typical scene of a Japanese  school at this moment. . Because we   hear a lot of these things in newspapers and  from the parents. So   I'm not so   happy to see this kind of picture in Japan, because when I was young, I was  so much  say instructed to study hard at school, and not chat or even drink and so forth. But  that might be affected by American style of life,  and  it's good and bad because  in terms of  individuality,  individual in the United States    very much  appreciated, so even in the classroom, this kind of things may be allowed. But,  on the other hand, in Japan, it's a too much strict. So        sometimes it is said that Japanese mother sometimes   not stop  creativity, so that is a kind of balance of discussion should be taken. But this picture  reminds me  this is a typical scene  in Japanese school classes now.
.   myself, I prefer  more, say,  trained or  more polite way    to the  teachers. It's not good    to ignore  what the teacher is saying. So I understand this situation in Japan, but what I said is   it's not good  for the students    in the stage of growing up.
Yeah. Important thing is    make the classroom discussion  attractive, interesting to them.  That is the first thing   to attract the students. Sometimes the,   you know,   the content of the teaching is  boring. So they started to talk about, they thinking other things and what  the teachers say the same. . .
Yes, sure. Yes.   that is very challenging for me, but,  because I'm not a teacher but  I'm in charge of H R and training  I tried to make  the topic attractive and think about what the students  want to do. . The first thing is  put your shoes  in their shoes. That is the first thing to think, then the program should be  organized to accommodate what    is the interest of the students or in our case employees. But,  again, it's a kind of homework for the teacher to know what the real needs of  their audience, their customer, in this case a student, then make the program attractive. That is what Americans teachers are doing  in America. That's I understand.
Yes, yes.  they prepare everything to attract students. But still  I have not attended American school, but,  maybe, it's a kind of difference of  opinion. On the student side, they want to do something else even if they express their interest and prepared something. It's a kind of gap of perception exist, yeah.
. They have to learn a lot, yeah.
Sure.
  .
Yeah. .  .  Yes.
Hello. . This is  speaking.
. I'm terribly sorry.  I cannot make it. I had a trouble with my stomach. So I was very happy and received your invitation to dinner party tonight, but  I was expecting, but   my health condition really  hinders me from attending. So,  could you allow me    to skip   this time? . Next time, I really want  to join your party.
Could you   relay my best regards to all  your friends?
Yeah?
 yes?
. That's a great idea.
Yeah. I love to, but  I just wonder whether I can reach your home    in this condition. So,  next time, please  let me know  can call  the doctor which you recommend. .
. Great. That's a good
 really?  that's  very nice of you.  .  I think  it's only  five minutes after the party started. So,  could you  give me  ten, fifteen minutes more? And I call you up again, when I can feel    ask your brother to pick me up. Could you?
.
. Thank you very much for your kind  offer, and I really  want to call again  ten minutes, fifteen minutes. Then  I'll talk you later.
Thank you very much again.
Thank you. Bye.
No.  . Really, I have a business   problem, when I was  invited to Netherland headquarters. And,   just this  December,   corporate  conference was held, and I had a really  by problem back.  I couldn't take a flight, so I cancelled that  business trip . It happens sometimes.
Yeah.
Yeah.  like the famous book   Ishihara-san wrote, Japanese cannot say "No.". So the point is, again,  kind of difference of cultural background. .  so it's not good to oppose the opinion of senior, if it's even different or if he cannot buy the opinion. So, sometime he wants to say "No.", but, still "Yes.". That is a kind of psychological  background Japanese has,  being    custom. That's why  Japanese cannot say "No.",  when it's necessary, yes, yeah.
.
. This way? .
"One day last week"?
. Yes. .
. Yes. . Last week,  I was driving  motorcycle. . . Who I am? You know. O K?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.       I had chance to  talk to my  friend by  mobile phone while  I'm driving   the motorcycle. But,  fortunately,   I was so much     talking to    to my friend  I could not see  the car is coming to my direction, and then there was an accident. And   the mobile phone was broken. I was so much   angry to the driver, and, now, the police came and   the driver is  protesting   the driver that I was using the mobile phone that's  the reason why I  hit the car. . Eventually,  my  motor cycle was taken away   by the another car. . And I was left alone without  the vehicle. It was a very sad story just because I started use mobile phone while driving. So, next time, I think I have to stop that   bad habit.
 ,  yes,  ninety percent  responsible.  . So he   should learn the lesson by this accident, yes. That is   my  role in that case, yes. Yes, I think.
. Yes. Myself, I drive a car, and,    a couple of times,   over speed. And,  another time,   while I was  parking   hit another car very  slim, but still damaged. So it's a very embarrassing and  taking time and  costly. So   my lesson is  drive safely, yeah.
Yes.
. Yes, of course.  the    standard procedure is  take    your driver's license and car license. And  registration,   document of  a car ready to talk to the other  driver. . And  you also ask him his  driver license number and  car number and so forth. Then, the second the stage is call the police, and then, explain the situation what happened then the third is  to ensure   the other party has a insurance policy to cover the damage  whichever  that happened. Then, the last stage is call your  agent of the insurance company and ask them to take care. So the minimize cost and time  lost by the accident. That is a .
. I think so.
But the one thing is, don't say "I'm sorry.".  because that may hint that you are responsible for the accident.  what I learned in the United States.
  they had come,   you know, many  sixty times  the number of lawyers American has. So  the kind of country  be careful  .
Yeah, sure. 
.
O K. Sure. Thank you very much.
. I'm going down to  Itoh.
Yeah.
.
. Just one, two days. 
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
