Good afternoon.
My name is .
Nice meet you, too.
Sure.
. Fine, and bit cold.
. Actually, a kind of "yes and no". I don't like coldness, but freshen you up.
. I live in city.
. Yes, it's nice city. Nice and quiet.
. It's like foods are tasty. And a good food and cakes are delicious. I like lots of attractions for a sightseeing. .
 . I don't know. I like mountainous sight where lots of a foreign style houses located, and I like also .
. Yes, once in a while.
Yes, with my husband, yes.
. My husband was raised up in Osaka. And he now works in Osaka company near here.
. and he worked here for two years, and, before, he worked in Tokyo for about five years. And 
 he's very kind, yes, and supportive.
Yes. yes.
. Actually, I'm a currently housewife, but I study English at for past two years.
. And, before, I worked in Tokyo for five years also. because my husband assignment here, I quit my job foucussed on studying.
. I don't know. maybe, it's nice to understand for other people's speaking. And, with English, you have lots of opportunities to learn many things in the world. So I got really interested in English, when I was in junior high school. And, in high school, I went abroad for studying in Canada and the United States.
Yes. And, then, I kind of continued studying, yes.
I hope to become an interpreter, but I don't know. It still seems a long way to go.
In my free time, I read books and listen to news, T V like C N N, B B C. And I like, taking care of plants. And also, on weekends, I visit many places around Kansai area.
. most of them are green.
Like, but simple flowers like tulips and pansies.
No, in a veranda. I have a containers.
Yes. . There is a school classroom. And there are one teacher and several students. Some of them are listening , what teacher explains, but some looks like boring, chewing gums. And someone busy in talking with each other, and some is seems like with headphone, listening a music and drinking something from a pet bottle. And there are two boys, no, three boys and three girls in the picture. And window is open. And, from their cloth, they are wearing, the season seems summer.
. I think, in my school days, people a little bit more serious . 
But, yes, it's very equal to days of my studying, yes.
No, I didn't wear uniform. my school was a public school in Tokyo, but they didn't have uniforms.
Yes. It's a free style school. .
 things.
. A kind of because, in the morning, you don't have trouble of deciding which clothes to wear. It's very convenient.
Yes.
. In my school days, regular, normal, ordinary clothes.
Yes.
O K.
O K, I'm ready.
Yes, I said that I was joined your tour, and it advertised many things with lots of gorgeous services. But, when I actually experienced the tour, after the tour and during, and there were some differences with your advertisement and actual tour. And, maybe, I hope to be compensated in some kind of form.
Yes.
Yes, it was a cruise around the world. And they said we could experience lots of sightseeings without optional fee. But, actually, the trip schedule was a little bit tight. And we have not much options to look out during our stay in the course. So, compared with your advertisement , we cannot understand why the service was so poor and different with your original's plan.
Yes, we did. And tour conductor was suggesting we ask tour agency for the problem afterwards, and they will do something for us to compensate their services.
.
. Yes, but, because looking travel around by ship. And we don't have future prospects for next long vacation, yes.
. O K.
. Yes. What done couldn't be done, so O K.
O K.
 .
 the furthest place I went to is Argentina.
 and, as I said I visited Canada, United States, and I've been to Europe, too.
.
. One time I went to Hong Kong. And it was a tour, and I was taken to many places for shopping which I didn't wanted because I'm not a very shopping person. So, from next time I went to my own with my friends with free schedule.
Hong Kong is very busy place, very Asian. 
Yes.
Thank you.
One day last week, a couple was walking in the rain, so they are using umbrellas. And, when they went by, electric pole, there was a box. And, inside, they hear something are crying. And, when a girl opened the box, she found a little kitten and seems like she is willing to take the cat in care. But the boy is rejecting her idea, saying, "No, no.". But, with girl's requests, and she is hard on accepting the cat, the boy's finally agreeing her. And, after, they seems they are more closer than ever with kitten accepted. And they are only using one umbrella.
No, I don't have.
I studied abroad for three years.
Yes, and then, in university, some courses were given in English. So I had to use English.
. Because, in abroad, especially in English speaking countries, you will be able to learn some conversational English other than take a English in written style, so it's very wonderful experience to learn actual English, yes.
Yes, it was very great. I had met nice people, wonderful people.
Yes.
. I have a meeting .
.
Thank you.
Yes, thank you very much for your time.
