My name is .
Yeah.
I'm fine thank you. And you?
Yeah, it's hot.
Yeah, but I sweat a lot  but  I like this weather.
No, not yet.
Yeah.
. I'm not sure but  I like  Japanese noodle so I'm going to have noodle today.
Weekend? . Last weekend,  yeah,  I  had a party for  Father's Day
with my family at home. Yeah, with my parents, my father and my mother and I.
.  So .  The party begun at about  six o'clock evening and  my father and I had a lot of beer. And  had a lot of foods   and  during the party, my father and I enjoyed baseball game on TV. Yomiuri and the  Hanshin Tigers. So we are the funs of the Yomiuri Giants so the Yomiuri Giants won the game so we were very happy.
Yeah, I like  playing the instrument. Instrument is trumpet. And I like music. Yeah, and I like classic music best. . Brahms or Beethoven, or Brookner, or Strauss, so on. And I like sports. All sports I like, baseball and soccer and tennis and the running, and skiing, skating  and so on.
Yeah, I think classic music   the most    has longest history   among the other musics, I think. And  classic music   is the most famous music for people all over the world, I think.
Yeah  . At the restaurant,  a couple  is  at table. And  the man is trying to  test  red wine. And  it seems good.
Yeah, I like wine.
Yeah,  I like beer and wine and whiskey and Bourbon and,
. It's  I feel  very good but a little bit  feel sick,  after drinking a lot. But  I like drinking.
Yeah,  so, yeah,  .  when I have a lot of drink, I always have a hangover.
O K.
Yes . I'm looking for apartment. And  I like a room that has a two rooms, do you have one?
Yeah and   I like the room that is very near from the station and I don't like the second floor.
.    . Because I don't like to go up stairs every day, so it's easy.
  yes, but  after five years    I am going to getting  five years. So, yeah,  I will be thirty years old. So  it's hard to go up stairs.
Yeah. Do you have one?
Yeah, . I can afford to pay  eighty thousand yen a month.
Sorry?
.
Yeah, I think  I live with my parent and  so  I am a man  and    I have only brother   I don't have a sister so. And     I and my brother, can't   cooking or do laundry and  do  cleaning house and doing dishes.   so   I'm a man so it's so difficult to live alone, ,
   but someday,  I have to live alone. So I need practice to  live alone.
Yeah.
. He is just "he"? O K?
Or "I"?
O K.  One day last week, I invite my friends to go  to the zoo by car. And  we enjoyed   looking at lions and monkeys with eating bananas  And  we had a good time at the zoo.
 Yeah, I think, because   the topic   between a couple is  just   about animals. So  the man  never confuse to   decide a topic with a girlfriend.  So it's good place to have a date, I think.
Bad point. . Yeah,  it's very hard to walk around at the zoo, I think.
Last date?

 .  Last date, yesterday, we had a date and went to a shop to buy contact lenses. And after that,  we went to  music store in  that is called  and I bought     two scores.    those are  symphony number nine by Beethoven  and    Symphony number two by Brahms. And after that we go to department store  to buy my suit. Because I have only two suits and  I will start working from next July so I need more.  And after that,  I had the appointment to have a party with my family. So      after looking for a suit, we said good bye and I  went home.
This evening? .  This evening, after this interview  I'll go to library near the  university  And    I'll be studying English  until nine o'clock  and I'll go home.
Yeah,  yeah.
Thank you.
