My name is .
I'm fine, thank you. ?
 on Wednesday, I have two class, English and Spanish class.
 the Spanish class is  grammar class so it's very boring.

 before entering this university, I heard  Spanish is a    second  worldwide language. So    I choose Spanish.         I  regret a little. 
 because  if I choose Spanish in university, after I take a job,   maybe    the company send me to  South America,  not Spanish.
.
. South America is very dangerous for Japanese,   I heard.

 yes, yes.
 I'm a waiter of  restaurant bar.
   I like the job. But  I  don't like a midnight job.
So   it disorder my ordinary life so  I can't get a ,  I go to bed very late.
 ? Why?
   before I get the job,  I promise  I work  in the evening.        now,    half of job is evening but half of job is midnight.
 Describe?
  it is 
 a kind of  expensive restaurant.   they celebrate  wedding day.
So they choice this expensive  French restaurant.
So now,  a waiter explain   some wine.  And   this man decide  what kind of wine they  drink.
  a little bit   like this.
But it is not so expensive.
 And it is not so formal like this.
  yes, yes.
  in detail.
So  many time,  I say, "Please read this menu.".  .

 O K.
  hello, This is . May I speak to 
?
Are you free on  this weekend?
 shall we go to a movie?
  what kind of movie  do you want to see?
?     do you have some movie    you want to see?
 I want to see the movie the name of "MEMENTO".
 do you know that?
 I heard it is very interesting.
So  when and where   will we meet?
 the movie is shown only at the Cinema Queen in Shibuya. So    let's meet at  Shibuya,  Hachikoumae. Do you know?
 so  on Saturday, are you free?
  in the evening, O K?
So let's meet at Shibuya Hachikoumae
 at  five o'clock
on  Saturday.
See you.
 no.
"".
    I look at some kind of magazine and  some  outstanding people recommended.
  it is a suspense but   new way of direction, the movie. So it is very interesting, .
One day last week, she went to  a department store to buy a present for birthday present of   her father.  after entering the department,      she choose a necktie.   after that, she take it  and    she tended to  get home. But she find a sale  of  some shoes.  And  other place,  there are  some sale of clothes. So she bought shoes and clothes and many other thing. And  after that, she get home with    many goods it is not so necessity. That's all.
Last time? Yesterday, I went to Shibuya,     Tokyu Hands  to buy a present  of  Christmas Day.
    I haven't decide  but  I think   I'll buy  some relaxation goods.
    mascot of "Tarepanda". ?
  it feel very   touching feeling.
 it is very interesting and it is very cheap.
What kind?    all kind of goods  for  ordinary life,  I think so. 
 No, no.    I had to go Sunshine City to take a passport.
  after that, I went to Tokyu Hands.
 yes, yes. Next  February.
 I haven't decide but  with friends,   we'll go to Europe. Maybe   Spanish and Rome and  Paris. It is very cheap.  I found it.
Less than  fifteen thousand yen,
includes hotel and    airplane cost and many other.
  at a  bookstore, I found it. And    I  invite many friends.
    ?      maybe  terrorism  affect it and student price also  influence the cost. So it is half of the open price.
Thank you.
