Good monrning. My name is .
Fine. I'm just kinda sleepy.
And you?
Because maybe because of the weather.
 I like winter because I was born in winter. Actually, yesterday was my birthday.
Thank you.
 I don't like the cold weather, so I stay at home and stay in . is?
 It's a table heater in it. And you put a kind of over it. And you go inside and get warm, and eat orange, tangerine .
Yes.
I was born in Prefecture.
. I only stayed there for about two months. After that I had to move to prefecture, which is hometown? Hometown. Yes. prefecture was my father's hometown and there was kind of mother and mother-in-law stuff going on, so we had to move.
Yes. After that I moved to because of my father's job, then I moved to and that was when I was four years old.
 there for six years. And I came back to Japan when I was ten. And first I stayed in . it was City. And then I had to move because of my father's job. I had to move to . Yes and then to . And then now I am in Prefecture again.
 I have a brother, and my brother always claimed and cried about moving again and again. but for me, I like moving because trouble making friends over and over, and I think that's disadvantage.
Yes.
 secret , but I was in the age of that has ability to write letters. So, I had a lot of ways to keep in touch with my friends, but my brother was so little. He didn't have to write letters. So, so he didn't have any ways to get in touch with his friends. Like doesn't call his friend far distance. So, that way my brother couldn't get in touch with his friends until he got older.
It's my first time.
 Can I start?
O K, a woman called Mieko. bed with the green sheet on the left side of the room. And on the right side of the room, there is a book shelf. And on the book shelf, there is a stereo. And on the wall you could see a calendar. When you go into the room, then first you may see a desk. And on the desk, there is a typewriter, computer and some white sheet of paper. And Mieko has two pets, a cat and a dog. And she likes to keep the room really tight and neaty, clean. Neaty and tight Neat, tight and clean.
Yes. My own room.
O K. in this picture, I only see one window, but in my room I have two windows. One in the western side of the wall, and one is in the southern side of the wall. And I don't have any computers at home, so I envy this person. . And I also don't, I also don't have any pets at home because I'm allergic to cats or dogs. I love them but I'm allergic. and I also don't have no garbage. my room is kinda all garbage.
Yes. I wish my room was this clean. But I think I have more books than her, comparing to her.
 Not O K. O K. I'm ready.
 good morning sir. I missed the train and I need to have another ticket I guess . Can I change to another ticket?
. So what should I do?
I've already spent a kind of money on this ticket. And 
 there anything I can do?
 really. You see. I was coming down to the stairs to the station and I think I bumped into a person and I think that was you. And if you didn't bump into me, I would have been on the train right now.
 I remember you bumped into me.
Yes.
Yes. I think you were after a dog?
I know I could have got out of the house more early. I know that. But I think you are one reason and I really want a ticket for the next train.
O K.
Yes?
 thank you.
O K. I'll have to rush.
Thank you.
 I actually, I don't have any chance to travel these years. . But if I travel, I would like to go on trains or bus. don't like airplanes so much.
Phobia?
 It could be. I get on the airplane as soon as I get on an airplane, I get really sleepy. I never see the views out of the windows so.
Yes. . not because I heard from a person at my driving school. he told me that when you get really scared or feared, you get sleepy. So maybe I am feared of the plane unconsciously.
 O K. May I start?
 One day last week, when I was walking down the street to my university. I saw a car coming from the left. And from the right, there came a motor cycle. And as I watched, they crashed. And they both got off the car and the motor cycle. And as I was watching the situation, the person who was on the motor cycle, was more angry than the person who was on the car. So, the people just like me watching the crashed and arguing called the police and the police came. And the three of them, the man who was on a car and the one who was on a motor cycle and the police talked for about ten, twenty minutes. And then it was settled. The settlement was that the person who was driving the car wasn't looking at motor cycle the person who was on the motor cycle had was the person was riding the motor cycle settled this accident or the policeman said that the person who was on the car should take responsibility. So I think the motor cycle is going to be repaired by the insurance from the person who was on the car. Or for that day, the motor cycle was broken down so the person who was driving the motor cycle had to walk to his work place for that day.
Yes.
. Actually, I've already got my license.
 you have to study to know the laws to drive along the street. And that's one thing. And the other is you have to actually ride a car and practice the they have the both sides. Like one is like taking classes at school, and the other is actually driving inside the school and outside the school. Yes. And I think I took on a working sheet test. Yes. . It took me about six months to get my license. But normally, my friends almost all have had their license in two months.
Yes. Can be quick.
 Yes.
. How long?
 if it passes in one year while you're going to a driving school, then you have to take the classes all over in Japan.
So, you must take your license in twelve months.
Only Mieko's class.
Yes, but maybe shopping before going home.
 Christmas present for my family.
Yes, you too.
Thank you.
