My name is .
Yes. Thank you.
.
 I live in .
Yes.    it takes   one hour and ten minutes or so from .
 Yes.
 because  I live with my family.
 my family's home is there. So I live in there.
My family?
   my family contains my father and mother and  younger brother.
And  our family is very  familiar.  I love them.
 and my brother is the third grade of  high school.
 my father teaches at university
and my mother teaches at  high school.
And  my father lived in  half a week.
So we only  live together half a week.
Yes.
 it is sad for me but

 I cheer  him  up. 
.
 no.  because my brother is now the third grade of 
high school, so he is prepare for his entrance examination of university.
 he studies all day long.
  we can't go out together.
 I want to go out with him  in March or so
 when his entrance examination is ended. And   I want him to pass the entrance examination.

   I want to go out with him to shopping  at anywhere because   in    March,  in nineteen ninety-nine,
 when I was  the high school student and he is  the third grade of junior high school,      when his entrance examination of high school ended, we go out together and   I bought him   a clothes for   congratulation. So
next March, I want to do the same thing
.
Yes.
 O K.       the picture is not in  the  city  for example, Shinjuku or   Waseda or Shibuya.
 it is in the  countryside, for   like Kodaira or so. And  the day is   very nice day because  there is a big  smiling sun and  the sun gave the people a lot of  light or     or so.
And  people   lived near  the picture   do  which they like.  so  children plays with ball together and girls  plays   rope and      the women  who looks like housekeeping or mother talked each other in the street.
  the man  read newspaper. Or  the man is running at his pace.
   it is very good day for them, I think.
Yes.
  . But I think  the picture is in the countryside.
   near my home,  there are many many homes because Kodaira is bed town so  I think  this picture is  more  ,
I think.    but I think it is very   nice day .
Yes.
O K.
 thank you.   I want to buy the book
  whose name is   "Hakai" written by Toson Shimazaki.
So please tell me   where that is.
 .   I can't notice that.
 how much is that book?
Three types?
 the book  " Hakai"?
  I want to buy the cheapest one.
 please give me the cheapest one, please.
Yes.
Thank you very much. And I want to buy the other books      I don't know the name of the book. But I know the  book's writer.  the writer's name is Kanai Mieko.
 I want to buy her books. But  I want to buy the particular her book.
But I don't know   that book's name. So
please tell me where her books is.
There?

Yes.    .
So  I want to buy  this one and   that one.
So      please.  
Yeah,    money?
 here you are.
 .
Thank you.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
 no. But   I want to buy him  what he likes. So I plan to go shopping with him for  any city he likes.
 I think he likes Shimo-Kitazawa or Shibuya
because his high school is  in  .
So  he knows   those two cities very well. 
       he has favorite shops in  those two cities. So I want to go there with him and  I want to buy him  what he likes the best.
 I don't have any idea of that. But I think he want me to buy the clothes or so. So   I have to keep money for him.
.
. No. But I think  he knows my situation of money.
So  he won't  tell me the  expensive one. So it is our     no  family ship,
I believe.
.
Yes.
Yes.   one day last week, I met with my uncle  who is my mother's brother. And  he took me to the good restaurant to eat and to talk each other. And   we decided what we order and we told   the  waitress  and   ordered. And we have a good dinner with beer. And  we talked each other so much. And  I ate fish and my uncle eat meat   which is chicken    and   he    paid   for me.
And we  parted with each other. And we have very good time  together. And  when I   backed to home, I sent him E-mail about   thanks of the day.   and   we got promise to have a dinner      in the next month. And   we are now looking forward to have a dinner each other.
.
Yes.   few minutes ago,    I sent E-mails to my friends who is my    old friend  who is the same school student as me  junior high school and high school.
And we plan to go to see the movie after   today's all class.
And  we plan to go to Shinjuku to see "Reisei to Jounetsu no Aida".
Because  we went  to trip together to France and Italy in this September. So  we went to Duomo in Firenze. So in "Reisei to Jounetsu no Aida ni",  Duomo in Firenze is very important place in that novel or movie.
 we want to go together to see
the same place.
I'm very looking forward to go.   I want to pass the time earlier.
.
 yes, I like sending E-mail better because    I can't hear  telephone's voice well.
  I sometimes  say, "?".  "
what?". So  I'm not good at calling on telephone.
 if I sent E-mail, we convey our feeling or meaning
or will   easier than  calling on phone,
.
So I like sending E-mail better.
  and I am now major in Creative Writing,
and so I like writing something.
 I like sending E-mail is better.
. I hope so.
Yes.
Yes.
   we will go to the restaurant to have a dinner and to talk with each other
 we are very good friend
. So I love her and she loves me.
So we talked each other, .
About?  about?      I don't care about it. But  if we meet each other, there will be many things to talk.
For example, usual life
 friend
 boyfriend or  study or so on.
 I don't think about it.
.
Thank you very much.
.
