Good evening.
I'm .
 meet you.
 I'm a university student of Waseda University.
Yeah.
  I  major sports science.
Yeah. Very interesting. It's a   new studying source, so   
few people study that. So   it's just a beginning study.
  I don't know actually number, maybe  so many because the Waseda  University is so famous.
 I love sports very much, and  I want to be a sports journalist in the future.
And, especially, I want to do with the motor sports,
so I have to study about sports and journalism.
Yeah.
  I live in Tokorozawa.
 I use train, Seibu Shinjuku Line  to Takadanobaba and  transfer   Tozai Line  to Waseda Station and I walk here.
 no.  my campus is Tokorozawa, so  my college is only in Tokorozawa.
. So,  maybe,  this campus is so famous and everyone knows  this campus has many college and many  library and  it's  almost about    literature or    economy  but   my campus has    gymnastic place and pool and    there are so many  sports  facility and       my campus is  on the mountain.
So, very huge and we can do the  all sports.
 alone.
 .
   it's hard, too because I have to spend money for my life.
  if I live with  my family,  I don't have to use so much money. But, now, I have to use money for my life.  it's hard for me.   but  I have good time because I have many friends and  they live  near  my house, so we have a good time.
O K.
    this is a  restaurant. And    there are many couples in this restaurant. And  this couple has just beginning of dinner. And, now the man is drinking the wine. And   I think this   special day for them, because    they are dressing up, and I think this restaurant is so expensive.
Yeah, very much.
 recently,  I go to Italian restaurant with my best friend.   
we love to eat pasta,  so  we go to Italian restaurant so often.
.  we don't know why, but, somehow    we found a good restaurant,  so  I don't know why, but it's so delicious.
Yeah.
Pardon?
 . In my case, I went with my friend.   she is a girl.  but this picture is  men and women, so they are couple or they are married or something.
I think so.
.
O K.
 excuse me.  I would like to go to New York. But I don't know  how to buy a ticket to New York. So,  please show me  how to buy the ticket.
.
So,  how much is the ticket to New York?
Which is the fastest?
Super express?
 so, how much is that?
Sixty dollars. So I'll take that.

. One way?
 .  O K. One .
Thank you.
And sixty dollars.
 so, which is the platform   super express?
Number five?
How to get to the number five?
So,   when is train come in?
Twenty minutes.
O K. Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah.  I love very much.
Yeah.  I want to be motor sports journalist, so, maybe, if   I can be that,    I could go to many place.
  and I want to go to many places in the world, so I want to see the many kinds of culture.
Yeah.
 now, I'm interested in the  Thailand or Cambodia and some   Asian area.
So  this March, I went to Thailand with my mother.
And    we stayed there for five days and we went to many historical place. And   we  felt  difference of culture from Japan.
We had a good time.
 first,  I found   Japan has so much money. Everyone has so much money. But, Thailand, is, in the countryside,  so poor people I saw.   but   they have very  great life,  I thought.
Yeah.
O K.
 O K. One day last week,     how describe this woman?
.
 me?
.
O K. One day last week,   I wanted to make some dinner, but     I noticed there are nothing  in my  refrigerator.  so   I have to make dinner, because     my family  come back soon. So I went to the supermarket, and    I bought       a lots of food. And   I paid with cash. And          I put them on my car, and I went to my home. And    I cook dinner first.
.
.
    I would go to supermarket or convenience store and I would buy some foods.
    I have not so much time to cook, so   I often buy the food  that is already cooked, then I use the microwave or something. And  I eat that.

   I would rather eating .
. Because  it is delicious, and    if I went with my friends,   I would have good time.
.
O K.
?
   I have report to do until next Monday, so I have to do this night. .
   few pages, but    I need some data,
so 
I have to calculate.
So  I'm gonna do that.

Thank you.
