 my name is .

.
Yes.
. I am doing quite well, but because recently, I am quite busy with work and also I am going to get married from two weeks. .

 . Actually, when I go home, my husband is already asleep so we don't have that much conversation after all right now. So I can't say that my marriage life is wonderful ,
 communication.
 because of my work.
 yes I'm working in the hair care marketing division. And I like to deal with those hear care products, so regarding that point, I enjoy my work. But physically,
my body is 
.
.
O K. So my parents are from .
 so they have kind of traditional Japanese idea that woman should be quiet and polite. And therefore, my name has a character of quiet and polite together.
 I don't know about my origin,
but at least my parents are from and there are some relatives,
in with my surname, .
So I don't know. Maybe origin is from Korea or China. .

Yes, because my name is quite rare,
people would remember if they couldn't remember all, at least they remember like somebody whose name is quite rare,
so I like my name.
 Quiet and polite?
 I try to be polite,
but for quietness, if I keep quiet in this company,
I can't do my job. 
 I don't think I am quiet, honestly.
All right. . This seems to be in the situation in schools, probably high school.
. But it seems quite unorganized because the teacher is doing her lesson only one person up front,
this boy is listening to her.
And other than that, everybody is doing their own job, these girls are talking, and this boy is listening to music with drink in hand.
So it doesn't look quite a good lesson,
and I suppose that the lesson is not that much interesting
 for these students.
Yes. And I think that's mathematics. . . shall I continue ?
 O K.
 . . the students wear, we had uniform,
so it looks like more organized because everybody's wearing the same thing more, how can I say, yes, organized than this picture.
But , there were some people talking during the lesson. So that's the same thing. But at least we didn't have anyone who were chewing gum , but I think at anytime students will enjoy their young life, so in that sense, the total atmosphere, it's similar to my experience in high school.
Wearing uniform. . . I know that somebody say that they don't like uniform, but personally, I like uniform because I don't have to think for in the morning what to wear so it's quite practical.
So and I keep my uniform now.
Thank you.
Yes.
.
.
. so I've already O K. so it's on the phone, right? O K. hello?
 my name is .
. I joined your pack trip last week to Germany, and I know that we are going to go around with a comfortable bus but in fact the bus was really small and was packed together in a very, very small bus, and I wouldn't say that it was a comfortable trip. . . . And in addition to that, I know that the last night of the trip, we will have a German traditional meal, but actually it was just a hamburger with some French fries.
And I don't think that was a I suppose there is a exaggeration in your brochure of the this pack tour.
. Could you explain how this happened?
Less people than ?
So I know that the bus was going to be large enough to make us all comfortable. So in fact, we had to use the spare seats,
so someone fall down in the bus because difficult,
 without the seat's belt, so I don't think it was a comfortable trip .
 thank you.
Yeah, but 
according to the brochure of the pack trip, it sounded like more special 
 with traditional German beer.
But we actually had hamburger which we could have in MacDonald's in Japan. So 
we were completely unhappy with that meal.
Yeah, but it didn't say anything about the relation between the cost and the meals and the last night, so we were not convinced with the reason of the cost.
. So at least, we would like to explain with documents how could this has happened
and maybe you could also offer us some coupon
for the next trip. 
Yes.
. .
No, I am going to have a wedding in two weeks. we have been together already. But my wedding is in two weeks.
So after that, I am going to the honeymoon.
. I hope that wouldn't here.
. O K. . Last week my friend and I decided to go to camp
and we prepared all the things going camping and to have meals outside, because we used to have campings very often when we were students. . Recently, we were quite busy with our work, so we were quite looking forward to having a nice a blue sky and delicious meal outside. So with we went with a car to Nagano Prefecture. And at first, everything was going all right. the blue sky, the fresh air, we were quite happy with that. But right after we finished building the tent, the weather changed. the shower started and so I was quite worried that we wouldn't be able to continue camping. And I told my friend to find some hotels. Then, my friend who knew well about Nagano Prefecture told me that she knew a nice hotel, so we decided to go to that hotel. But when we tried to pack up all the pans and the things for the outdoor cooking, the wind became very strong and we have some troubles packing everything into the car. And finally after two hours fighting with the wind, we arrived at the hotel. the hotel was quite nice and we could have a relaxing time, but we were quite sorry that we couldn't have fresh air outside.
Yes. I like sports. I like skiing,
and I like diving,
 scuba diving.
And every year, actually my friend lives in Nagano,
so every year in summer, I visit him and we do camping outside just like this picture.
 I think under the blue sky with fresh air,
we can forget everything,
 all troubles in reality. And it's like a refreshment
that you can never have a life. ?
.
This weekend, we are going to visit how can I say in English, wedding sights. It's not church, but like .
To decide everything .
.
.
