.
My name is .
Nice to meet you.
I'm fine, and you?
.
 I live in in .
 Just two months,
 I married last November,
and I moved to in December.
 My husband is very nice guy.
 just now he has no job.
Because he left his company
last December and he is now preparing his own company.
 he is interested in the food,
and he is going to open a food shop for elderly people.
 he is very interested in elderly people, and he is going to have a shop and sell them very healthy food and he is also having a plan to delivery food.
. My parents live in , .
 I've been live in for about thirty years.
.
Because my husband likes very much. And it's very nice city.
It's easy to come to this office and there are many food shop near my house. 
.
I like both of city.
And at first, actually, I don't like .
But now there are many good street or parks in , so now I like the City.
 on weekend,
 I and my husband go to the park near my house, but now it's very cold.
 So, now we like to cook together,
 in weekend, we usually cook our lunch or dinner.
But we have to do many things in weekends because I have no time to 
. So at first, on Saturday morning we usually do house works.

 . I always clean the room or wash the dishes and my husband preparing our lunch or dinner. He likes to cook,
. He's good cook.
Yes.
.
. it's winter and there are about twelve people in this picture. it's not snowing but there are much snow in this picture.
 probably it is the skiing place and there are lift on this picture. And the weather is very nice and five people are enjoying skiing. And four people enjoying throw the snowballs.
And there are two people inside the house and they are drinking maybe it's hot drink.
. Yes.
But my friends like to ski, but actually I don't like ski because it's very cold.
 cold weather.
So about four years, I have not skied.
No, just I hate cold weather.
I like to play golf or swimming.
. Now I'm belonging to the golf team of .
And there are many good players in the team and three or four times in a year, we play golf together.
.
.
.
O K.
. Yes. I would like to go to New York as soon as possible.
Could you tell me the information about the ticket to New York?
. And which train is earliest train to reach New York Station?
. how much does it cost?
 O K. I'll take the ticket.
.
. but express train will reach New York Station earlier?
. 
.
 I'll take express. And excuse me, how much does it cost?
Sixty dollars. that's fine. I'll take the express train.
 thank you. Bye-bye.
Thank you.
 yes.
I've been to the Unites States and Europe and Australia and some Asian country.
. I like the Unites States best.
 I've been to New York and Los Angeles. And I like Los Angeles better.
 Los Angeles, it's very nice weather.
And I like to play golf, you know, and there are many good golf course near Los Angeles.
So, I like Los Angeles.
.
 I have some friends in Los Angeles, so I enjoyed meeting them.
And watch the city.
 in Los Angeles, I don't think there is a special thing, but in Palm Springs, there are many good special things. Because in Palm Springs, every people like to play golf, so I think I can easily be a friends with them because I like play golf, too.
 just when I go to the supermarket, and I always wear the golf clothes. wear the same kind of 
So "Hi. You play which golf course?". " is that the course good one or"
so we can easily be a friend.

.
.
.
O K.
 one boy and girl, they're friend. They are walking on the street. It's raining. And they are enjoying the conversation. And a boy is suddenly stopped and say, "Please hear. We can hear something". And a girl find a box and a cat in the box. cold the girl asked the boy, "Please hold this cat and he seems very cold". But the boy said, "I don't like the cat because I don't like to be my clothes her umbrella so the boy hold his umbrella to her.
. Maybe she is angry,
. But he also have some bad feeling about them, so he is holding her shoulder, and he tried to her not wet.
No.
Never.
Maybe, .
 because I don't think they are pretty
or maybe they don't like me
 either.
 he likes dogs.
But now we are living a apartment.
And we can't have that kind of animal.
So, we don't have animal now.
.
. It's very difficult question. Maybe he will hold a cat, and I will not hold the cat. .
 I will say,
"Please do not carry the cat to our house".
Thank you.
.
 yes.
 I will going to have a half holiday today,
from after lunch, so in the morning,
I'm very busy.
Yes. now my parents will going to visit our house.
So, maybe tomorrow morning, we are going to prepare for them.
 my parents.
.

Thank you.
Thank you very much.
