 my name is .
 of course.
. Fine thank you. And you?
Good.
It is.
 I got a luncheon meeting, so at the meeting, I got a lunch box.
.
 usually, I'm going to outside for cafeteria if I don't have much time or I will buy a lunch box from convenience store.
 I will take a lunch, you know, .
 sometimes. Pretend to be busy.
.
 my working for marketing for foods.
 I'm in charge of spreads marketing, so I'm actually working for Rama Margarine in Japan. And also as a marketing team, I'm developing their new products for margarine for Japan. I mean, for I am also getting the new products from overseas to Japan.
Yes.
Yes, it is. 
 I can't say in openly but the incident is good for us. Because the consumers' perception against Snow is getting lower now. I mean, brand is getting weaker now. So at the same time, Rama is getting increase of the sales now.
.
Yes. That's the a little problem. But the we are announcing in public, our product is very safe. And also we are announcing on the point of purchase, P O P on the shelf or that kind of thing.
 is blowing for us.
.
. I'm originally from Fukuoka, Kyushu area.
. When I was a university student, I came to Yokohama. And I stayed in there and, once I tried to come back to my home country. that's why I joined this company. And actually, I used to work in another company in Tokyo area. And I joined to Uni Leva, saying I'd like go back to home country, as a sales. Then, I move back to home country, working at the sales. But somehow, I came back here and working now in Tokyo.
. .
 the best place was in New Zealand.
 actually, I moved from Fukuoka to Kagoshima and U. K. for learning English over there for six months. And moved back to Tokyo and sent to New Zealand.
And came back to Yokohama, Utsunomiya and,
 in Saitama.
 the very good atmosphere for family. And also I like natures. I mean that's why I wanted to come back to my home country Fukuoka. Because how could I say, Fukuoka is the very cosmopolitan area. central Fukuoka is business city. But how could I say, surrounding of the cities, we could see lots of nature remains still. So I prefer that kind of situation. And New Zealand is exactly what I want to . So very nice ocean views and mountainsides but still, how could they say, for business, they are working proper business over there. .

Yeah.
Right. maybe this is the lady's bedroom. So yes, there is a bed and computer, typewriter and stereos. And also, she seems like like pets. there are dog and cat. And more?
.

.
 no, to be honest, I don't like it.
 maybe because of my backgrounds. Because in a country area in Japan, many people have a pet in outside of the house. And also, I did the same thing, I mean, always my parents said, "Don't take pet into the room.".
And I didn't do it. So I still I believe the pet should live in outside of the house.
I mean, that's the a pet's life.
 and also the hair of the pets is ,
good for health. That is .
So if I think about my kids,
 small apartment house. So if we have a pet, we have to put the pet into house.
But I don't want kids play around the pet in the room.
.
.
 maybe because they think pet is not any more pet. I mean, pet is the like their child. maybe that's why. . But when I think from the side of pet,
 I don't know because I cannot have a conversation with them. But maybe pets wants to live outside, I mean, nature. that's my .
 . Honest speaking, yes.
.
.
 before I start the explaining my room,
 maybe it's better to explain my family.
Because there are two kids. And the elder daughter is ten years old. And younger son is six years old. So they are quite big now. And now, they are sharing the room. But both of them started say "I'd like to have a room." and "I'd like a room.". So I'm living in a three so-called in total, seventy-four square meters. So not quite big. So two kids are sharing one room. And one room is for almost storage. There is the bookshelves and also clothing cabinet.
And that kind of things. And in the living room, there is the computer. it's that the same thing. And stereo, T V and one other left room is the for bedroom.
.
Just I noticed the strange .
Because it's June. . .
.
.
O K. .
 yes.
Hi.
, hi. I'm sorry sorry to make you call me. I have to call you first.
Because first of all, I have to apologize that I couldn't make to go to the party.
 no sorry. that's why I thought the you called me. why I couldn't make it. now, I have to said the reason. But because my kid got the a fever. So I have to take him to a doctor.
.
 I couldn't go.
 wife is out at this moment. So I have to take care of him. So unfortunately, this time I couldn't make it. But next time, I really love to go there. So could you please let me know you have another party.

 yes that was my plan. first of all, I wanted to take my son together with me,
 he is fine. But unfortunately, I took him to the doctor and now, I have to take care of him at home.
So unfortunately, sorry for that.
. so surprise. 
.
 sorry but how about tomorrow? I will go there and I will take my son together. So we will have the all sushi.

Thank you very much.
Thank you. .
Yeah. Bye-bye.
 yes. not in Japan, many times.
 because of the very small apartment house. sorry I don't have to .
O K. Right. 
That's O K. So, yes. personally, I'd like to have a party but,
unfortunately, because of the house, I mean, my house is located in Omiya. So quite far from here, so when I got the for instance, visitors from overseas,
sometimes I ask them to come over to my house,
and get a small party. Because they would like to see in a real Japanese house situation.
.
 i.
Yes. yes and no. Because the yes means the I try to cook Japanese foods. And personally, I love to cook. So for instance, every weekends,
I'm cooking. So for them not share the information. how could I say, just I'd like to share all of things. So that's why I ask them to cook for us as . So if I invite people to the house, feel how could I say, I'd like them to feel comfortable at home.
So although I ask them to come over, I don't force them to come to us. you are not with me. 
 so always I'm asking "Let's share the foods,
so I will cook for you. But also you will cook for us.".
 that's we mean.
 I'm doing that.
So we can discuss the about each country's foods. And also the those background of their foods as well.
.
Yeah.
.
Yes.
. O K. can I have a time to ?
O K. one day last week, one driver sorry, one person is driving a car. on the other side of the road, young guy is no, I mean, riding a bike, using the mobile phone. hi "That's motorbike's fault. Because that rider was phoning. And they are concentrating to phoning rather than driving.". So the car driver, when they called to the police, the car driver explained to the police. we don't yet what's the conclusion for it. But the bike was towed by how could I say, car fix manufacturer.
. Yes, I have.
. the easiest way is you go to the driving license school and you can get minimum, I think, two month or something.
 but in my case, it took two years to get the license. Quite long time. 
 because the always school teacher was very arrogant. And when I was when I took the a silence, I was very young. And so when I went there, I couldn't endure their arroganceness. And I didn't go to the school. That's why it took two years.
. But minimum is two month.
 of course, you need a little bit of efforts to do .
But it's not so difficult to do it.
 of course, you have to pass the exam.
I mean, reading and also driving technique. But if you go there, I mean, how could I say, I remember the figures but I think ninety percent of people got their license if they go to schools.
 it's very heavy. but that's also contradictional points. Because for family, I'd like to drive. But at the same time, I know it cause of the traffic jams.
So if I go to Omiya center of city I think I should take a train rather than driving a car. But if I'm think about family, driving. That's my problem.
.
.
 first of all, I mean, from my point of view, I mean, rider, I think that rider's fault. if he is not so concentrate to talking through mobile phone, then, they could escape this accident I think.
.

 I used to have the motorbike.
And I gave up. Because someone always broke something, I mean, at night. maybe high school students or someone I didn't know. But because very expensive to fix. That's why I gave up. But if my son said, he is love to ride a bike, I would say O K. because I loved it.
.
. Thank you.
 really but I have to go back to Shin-okubo.

Yes. My base is Shin-okubo.
 today, I got two meetings in Shibuya. So no problem to .
.
