Yeah. My name is . Nice to meet you.
 not bad, thank you. And how are you?
Yes.
  I'm not  so active guy. So  nothing  particularly, but       because it's  getting   and warm, so   I feel like  do   some joggings outside. But    it's not sure    I do it or not.
 yes.   I'm interested in studying English. That's a main  my   curiosity. So  I'm now digging in into  studying English. That's  only one, I'm doing now.
 I want to be a interpreter. That's a main purpose.
Only I have a wife. That's all.   two persons.
  she is  around  thirty-four.    she used to be a housewife, but now she's taking a part time job. So maybe   twice a week she go out side, and do job.
I live in    Ward. It takes  maybe  less than thirty minutes to get here. So I take a       no.  Line today and to get to the  - and   exchange train to a  Line to get here.
Train?
   not so crowded than  I expected. So maybe  if I go  into the direction of Shinjuku, that  atmosphere is much different, I suppose. But   this is  not  that line, so maybe that's why.
Crowded?
. If I stand where   I don't, and I pushed  around, so if that case  I have no choice but just standing. But otherwise  maybe, I try to concentrate reading English  materials.
If I have a chance to sit. 
No problem.
 this is a party situation, I think.  not a party. I'm not sure. In a restaurants I   rather. And  they are maybe  sweet couple. And   they are trying to order some wine, bottle of wine. So  some, it seems  good atmosphere because  some piano's  there. So maybe the background music  must be sweet. That's all. O K. That's all.
 definitely.
On occasion of the wedding anniversary, and her birthday.  luckily   two days are very close together
    no.  within a range of  one month.
So  we can celebrate then together. That's  save a lot of money.

 most recent one was  actually last year's  anniversary, celebration. Just    it's coming soon, the new one. But   that was the last one.
 usually I    go out eat dinner.  and   that's   I think  that's all.
Sometimes I buy present  for her. But  it's  sometimes     it's   is  in the price of the dinner. It depends on the price of dinner how much you've spend. So that's why  if it's  less expensive, I can sure get some gifts for her. But that's depends.
Right.
O K.
Sure.
Hello.  Can I speak to Miss  
. Miss  please.
 . This is  speaking.
. How are you?
 sorry.  actually, I couldn't go because  I got  rush work, I mean I have to a lot of tons of work to have to be finished and   by  sorry, yesterday. So I have to be in  office. So I couldn't go. Sorry. But  my boss is very strict person. That's why I can't escape from him.  sorry, but  I'm  really looking for it to  seeing you at  next party.
So please   don't be disappointed  this time. So please  give me another chance.
.
O K. Sorry.  I intended to  give you a call. That  actually  my boss  was watching every time  from the every angle.   so  I couldn't. Sorry.
.  yesterday.
  I'm very unlucky guy actually  I thought.  now I happened to think  I  should have gone to the party. But  I missed the chance because that's  once a year your   must have been a big surprise. So   maybe please, I expect  it next time.  So please do, thank you very much anyway.
No problem. .
.
.  What do I say?
  what do I do.
.
. What do I do?
 I apologize.
Apologize, and I  want to keep the relationship  with  him or her, so I try to   convince him or her. You know, not give me a wrong idea.  I explain to, and  you know  how tough the situation was. I can't    escape from. It's the key to keep the relationship.
  .  I think there were many times particularly  .   actually that  the real situation had happened. In my case   there were tons of work in front of me. So  I couldn't go  to party which was  Japanese persons  living in  some foreign countries.
 I continued working. . So maybe  of course that  they are you know, the person   attending that  party is also  businessman and related families. So they must have, you know, understood my situation because  sometimes   they were in a same troops.  That's a kind of  I can't help.
 I make a story?
.  .   when I was driving  a car,  a guy driving a motorbike was  in front of me.       he's going with   mobile phone. And   without  him  no way that we  crush each other. So   I was very angry because it's obvious that he   didn't pay attention  to me. So I called the police, and   explained to the policeman that  , the  was, mobile phone was the cause of the accident. So   the police and  this person riding bike    understood.  and  without    any excuse.   his bike   was taken away to the police station. And  that person     stood up     without  what you say  without any hope. That's the story.
 I have a license. But      I used to drive, but  in these days,  those in  two or three years, I don't drive.
Because   actually, I was in the  foreign country. So it's difficult and very dangerous to drive a car by myself. The secondly  when I   come back to Japan, I don't have car. I mean  I feel dangerous, drive a car because    that is a one reason. The other reason is I can't afford to buy. So that's why I don't drive
nowadays.
.
.
.
 actually I was in .
That was  you know, people  very  recklessly  drives very much, you know. Actually car itself is  dirty.  car  themselves are very old. So the car  itself     has a lot of problem.   and on top of that, the character of the person,  I can't say it to.   I can't make it generalized, that   I feel, in my opinion, it's a character of the you know  person is  kind of a   easy-going persons. Because  then  so  however I try to be careful to drive, you know, they don't care about, you know  if they you know, just hit a little bit, they don't care.  "No problem", they say.
So   that totally different world.
No problem.
   weather was  good to be getting warm. But  actually I go     to the library  near my house.
I'll spend some time    I have something I want to read. .
.
No problem.
