Good afternoon.
My name is .
Pretty good.
How about you?
I'm from City in .
 About forty minutes.
 from my parents house to here?
 forty minutes.
My family? my family, my father, about my family?
 the member of my family is my father, mother, two older sisters, and I.
 so the older sister lives in England.
She, maybe, I guess, she works as a nursing handicapped people. maybe.
And the younger sister is a nurse so, who works at small hospital near my parents house.
They are pretty, I hope, I guess.
Free time? Actually, on Saturdays, I sleep and sleep. take a rest to relax, to get rid of my tiredness. And on Sundays, I go and drink with my co-workers or a lot of girl friends. sometimes go to see the movies or walk around in . I love .
. Because my university is in and I lived by myself in Kyoto, so . Good places. .
Lovely places.
Describe this picture?
O K. this is the place to skiing and there are a lot of ski players . Some players are skiing and sleeping there. And four children play the interesting themselves. and it's the other cottage, maybe to eat something or to drink something. . and there is nobody who ride the ski lift and very beautiful.
Yes, of course.
 three or four years ago. Actually, basically, I don't like go skiing. so, a lot of friends invited me to go there together. So, I had to go there. the reason I don't like go skiing is I don't like cold weather, so I don't like go skiing basically.
Role-play?
O K.
Yes. I want to go overseas for traveling, and which area is better or you can suggest.
.
. But I been to Australia and New Zealand and also Thailand. So I want to know there are information about Pakistan.
. So and, is that O K for me to go there by myself? Not tour, private travel.
Is that O K?
. I want to reserve the airplane ticket and hotels there, only that.
 so about how much is that cost?
 I've heard that the Pakistan airline is very expensive. And are there some airlines it can connect from Japan to Pakistan directly?
Really? so where the country where the place I have to transit?
So, could you tell me the hours, I mean flight hours from Japan to Pakistan?
. So, And what day of the week I'll be able to airplane?
 O K. So, Saturday.
On Saturday.
 sorry, I want to for two people.
Thank you.
Thank you.

 the most exciting place I been in Barcelona, Spain.
So, there a lot of places to see. Mr. Gaudy?
 so there're a lot of buildings Mr. Gaudy designed, and one of them is called Sagrada Familia palace or something like that. it's very, very high two hundred meters.
And it's still under construction. So my girlfriend and I, so could climb to the top of the tower, and the scenery of all cities.
Yes.
.
 her name is Noriko.
It's O K?
 wanted to buy some gifts for her husband, because her husband's birthday is coming soon. So she went to department store to buy it. And she walked around there, and she decided to buy the green tie for her husband and she bought it. And on her way home, she found a good shoes which is discounted thirty percent off sales. And so she also bought shoes good clothes for her and it's fifty percent off price. So she also had decided to buy it for herself. And she was very, very pleased to buy a lot of things. That's all.
My ex-girlfriend?

 I can't decide by myself. So my girlfriend, sorry I go to the department store or some shops with my girlfriend, and we decide, and after that, I buy that product for my girlfriend.
This weekend. This weekend, actually I've not decided yet, but I want to see the movie "Dinosaur". It looks very interesting for me so, I might go to see it there.

I hope not.
.
Thank you very much.
