My name is .
Nice to meet you.
 you can call me .
I'm in   grade one.
I've studied mathematics,  English and several more.
Today or
any?
I like the P E.

 I used to live in the United States. And I lived there for nine years and one month. And I came back to Japan in the year two thousand. And I'm finally getting used to Japan.
 Yeah.
I lived in  and .
Yeah.
  there's a lot of difference between two states because  is in the  very West Coast, but  is in the East Coast. It's really different.
  sometimes   on the weekends,
 up  on the car, we went to places like Virginia and  Delaware
nearby .
   I lived in  most of my life so I liked  better because the beaches are really beautiful, and also it's really sunny most of the year. So I liked  better.
   I have mom and I have a dad and I have  younger and older sister.
And my older sister is twenty years old and my younger sister is twelve.
My father is a computer engineer. And   that's the reason we had to move to the United States.
Yes. He's  .
On the weekends, if I spend my time with my family, I usually  talk to them or  go to several places outside.
   my father likes to travel a lot so  he takes us to like a lot of new places.
I probably went to Shinjuku. 
 I wanted  this  new C D player so I told them to take me to Shinjuku. . 
I like hip-hop. And  I'm also in the dance club in this school. So I like listening to pop music.
  I don't listen too much American songs anymore so   I don't know much about them. But I used to like this group called Ninety-Eight Degrees.
I'm not sure if they still exist . .
     it's the group  with four men. And two of them are like brothers. And  it's kind of like Back Street Boys  and .

I think it's a neighborhood. And it's a really beautiful neighborhood that not a lot of cars pass by. And it looks like a Sunday afternoon. And a person is jogging. And  these boys are playing volleyball.    and ladies are  talking to each other like what's going on. Things like that.
States. Anywhere, in any house? Because I moved a lot.

Best place.        it looks like a really   long street. But the house I liked best, it was a court.
So  it only had like five houses. And not a lot of people   played outside.  I didn't really see my neighbors a lot. So it looks like  this house in this picture is more friendlier.
I live in  .
 first, I use the  Line. And the I use the  Line. And  the  Line. 
Yeah. But    the stations that I use,   each station is really short.
So  like get off the next station to   transit. It doesn't take that much time.

.
.
  I bought something in this store but I'm not really satisfied with it. So can you exchange it?
  do I have to  ?   I bought this T shirt, but it  don't like the color very much. And   I'm not really satisfied with the price either because I don't like the color.
Yes, I opened it. But also  I thought that the size wasn't very fitting for me
either.
 I'm sure that the other stores would  change it for me.
   I think that   other stores are better than this.
 can you then tell your manager about this?
I don't like the color. And   if it's only that I don't like the color,  I am not really satisfied with the price either. So I want you to exchange this for me.
Thank you very much.
No.
I either leave it alone or sell it to someone with a cheaper price. Or give it to someone like my sister,
like  use it.
Yeah, I like shopping.
I usually go to Shibuya or Harajuku.
  I like this store in Shibuya called  CECIL McBEE.
 lately  I haven't got much time to go so I haven't gone much. But if I have time,  I want to go more. And I also don't have the money .
 I first check the price and also make sure if I really, really want it. And I also look if there is any things that   I don't like in the clothing. That's about it.
Can I start?
, wait,   do I  act like this is me?
One day last week, I met my teacher  from my junior high school. And my junior high school teacher   invited me to a restaurant.  first I was puzzled because   I haven't been to a very rich looking restaurant before.  but my teacher  pointed out a seat. And  it look like he really wanted to eat with me.       when  he  I was first worried about the cost because   it look like such a rich restaurant. But then  my teacher offered that he would pay for me. When we got out, we talked a little more and then  we hoped to each other that we would see each other soon. And we said good bye to each other.
My friends?  I don't really go to restaurants that much.   and we usually go to fast food
like First Kitchen and McDonald's.
 I like hamburgers and all the pizza. And  even though it's really greasy,  I like French fries. 
 first, we look at the price.  And then  think about what we really wanna eat. And then we go out. But  lately we sometimes  go on like .
Yeah, for lunch. And sometimes for dinner.
.
   I have club practice upstairs.
Dance.
It's about three days a week. And then    it's already over for the second graders so it's only us, first graders.
  a lot of .
 I'm not quite thinking.
 I'm hoping that I can like use English in the future because I lived there for nine years so
it might be a good experience.
 thank you.
