My name is should I give you the last name or first name?
First name. .
Right.
 Please.
Fine, thank you. ?
It is. It's quite pretty. It's a nice autumn day outside. I really enjoy it today.
You mean in or
. I came today from . Do you happen to know where that is, ?
, right.
 I stay there.
 over two month, about.
.
All by myself.

Actually, it's not quite to say "all by myself" because I stay in sort of dormitory.
 to know where the is? You know, that ?
 language education. Should I say ?
 not . 
 to be here an exchange researcher.
 at this moment, I have two status. One is being here and then in my home university which is given you in my 
.
 I hope I could. see I wanted to come over to Japan for longer period of time. I've been, as I told you before, over twenty years in Germany. position at the university, in . And I want to help in a research over the Japanese education and I applied for this taking a leave, but my position does not have or cannot be given this sort of sabbatical. So I do have to some apply for the vacation, one-year leave,
 which I've did no, for which I was quite successful. Because on the one hand, I have applied for the so-called fellowship
in Japanese education and fortunately I could receive one from the .
And at the same time, I applied for this exchange researcher program between and my home .
And again, concerning the same theme.
 they do have here, this Japanese Department, ?
 Department of Japanese Education.
.
Right.
Right.
 not quite.
.
.
 twenty
actually it's been over almost thirty 
.
What changed most? I would say, first of all, the appearances of the younger people and also behavior pattern. can you relate to it? . .
 more specific. Like when left Japan for I said thirty years ago, that was actually seventy-three, so exactly thirty years ago, right? I went to the States in order to, say, brush up my English. I wanted to learn. I was a English teacher at the junior high school. And I was not satisfied with my proficiency, so I went to brush up. And I went to the States. And there, I spent four years and then it happened that you know, I've been to Germany and I got to know my husband before then, I mean. and I went to Germany and it's been over twenty-six years. the biggest different I would say is like the younger people who can be very creative, not all of them, some of them are still sort of uniformed way of thinking and differences say, how should I describe it, in terms of the not only appearance but the way they behave. Like having, you know, brown hair or as I've been calling "golden hair" the younger people color their hairs which are allowed as such.
They wouldn't be socially sanctioned, right? And so this sort of freedom on the one hand in terms of the what they wear, and in terms of the behavioral pattern, I would say, people are quite permissive now. Maybe the older generation cannot do anything against it. bad, but still.
. Yeah.
And sort of this traditional way of Japanese patterns which can be called as you know, quite typical Japanese to see in that extent. So I would say this is for me the yeah, biggest difference.
.
O K.
So you mean the whole picture or ?
 this is the drawing concerns probably a apartment room for the young lady sitting in front of her computer. And there's one big window. And she has probably two pets belong to her, I guess. One is sleeping right next to the bed. And on the bed, she has a . German I used to have this the cat
with a long, you know, tail. And she's looking at this two pets and just quite happy. And actually her computer is now been put on. She has two types of writing system. interesting. One is the typewriter next to her computer. And I can also see at the other side of the wall, she has this hi-fi system and underneath some box and calendar on top of it.
And the door is open and I imagine that would be about the size of my room which I have now in .
 there's one clock which is nine o'clock, so I should describe both of them in the Euclid word, 
. It's probably evening.
O K. 
 in terms of this my say, working room so now office below, I don't know what's in English looks like this exactly
. except the fact that I have whole bunch of books here to the top ceiling.
And a cat. I don't have dog but I have 
.
 O K. should I
make a phone call ?
.
 hi, . Here's .
 are you?
 you see, I'm calling you just at it's seven o'clock. And your party will start eight o'clock, ?
.
 you know, , sorry, I have to tell you that one of my cat has just fallen down from the fourth floor of my apartment, you see. And I have to take her my go to the doctor and see what happens to her, because it seems like that she has broken you know, her yeah, left leg.
 it looks like that it's quite serious, so I'm sorry, I don't want to, you know, come quite late, nine o'clock or ten o'clock. It could be that she has to have the infusion as I have experienced before. so this is the case and I'm sorry that I can't come and I hope you will have fun with people, you know. .
 really can I'm afraid. So would you please say hi to everybody and have fun. And then if do have any, you know, party the next time and I really would like to come and I will bring some nice food from Japanese-German style. So please say hi to everybody and have fun.
 O K?
I will. Thank you .
O K. .
Thank you.

 it happened to my cat.
 it was really terrible. or actually he is a strong cat. Had fallen down as I'd said. I said fourth floor, but in German way of counting, it's fifth floor, as you probably know. And you know, just when they are playing and one cat fell off. Was six years old. is his name and that was one o'clock in the . and I have to take him to the doctor. And it was quite some clinic.
And then it took me about three hours to have this infusion. And then he had to stay in hospital and then he was operated on. I had to pay about eight hundred euros. .
I don't know how much would that be. Probably one thousand dollar, I guess at this moment. And I was so shocked and then I could have this infusion. 
 yeah.
O K.
 .
.
One day last week, a businessman called, say, he must be then Japanese man, Mister Takagi went to the station. And he has to take his train. It is eight-five. And it happened that he had or just because man standing right next to him the was his elbow pushed him so that his bag, which was quite important, fell off right on the rails in between. And it was behind it and he wanted him to take it, but the man next to him was quite mean, and he wouldn't take it, right? And then in the meantime, people were around just watching them and it was quite embarrassing. But nonetheless he wouldn't do it. Now, it happened that the train came right . this moment, and the Mister Takagi thought, you know, bag which briefcase brief case? His case were beaten and just torn off. But so am I, because he had in his briefcase the whole reports of you know, important business negotiation and he was so relieved. And the man next to him was also nice enough to share this .
And then the now it happened that the man working at the railroad, , I don't know, would come up and then, you know, saved this briefcase and handed to him. And he was so relieved. And interestingly enough, one man was clapping his hand was different from the man next to him. But I don't know why it happen quite often in Japan, and people would watch it, but wouldn't say anything, right?
He could have call or call in the help because actually he was the one who was responsible for this what happened.
 now
 O K and then, you know, but everybody was satisfied and happy.
So it was happy end.

.
I only have just a small move from to here. And actually I'm trying to find cheap how to say, transportation company.
Do you happen to know any? .
. one which was been which has been
 which I've been told. I talk to the at the taxi yen yen and maybe I will take it or just a couple of stuff and then I would imagine take me about one more week before I, ,
 bring everything. .
Mostly box and computers and then printers and stuff.
So the only thing that I would miss are
 two cats no, no, no.

 my pet, and the
 I don't know, .
 .
.
. Nice .
Thank you very much. 
