My name is .
I'm in the purchasing department, and   I'm responsible for buying engine parts. .   I buy electric parts mainly.
.
Yes  about seventy percent is from Japan and others are from foreign countries. But when I buy  engine parts from foreign countries  I don't get in touch with foreign country people directly. Because there is an importing group in our section and   they deal with foreign countries.
My hobby is  baseball.  I like playing baseball and watching baseball. When I was in university, I played baseball everyday. I belonged to a baseball club.
Yes, almost every week. Every weekend I play baseball.
 various people. .   I belong to two teams. Both teams are not connected with my company. I found both teams by  Internet.
Yes.
 one year.
Yes.
. I'm from  prefecture and my parents  live there. And my parents    they are about sixty years old. And my father  is going to retire this year.  And  I'm going to meet them  this weekend because the big holiday is coming. 
. A party is going on and   a young couple  are sitting on their chair.     and they started drinking wine.  And after  the man      drank a little and he is   describing the taste of the wine. And the     the hotel-man  , who is serving the wine  to them is listening to the young man describing the taste of the wine. 
Sorry?
. No.   I don't go  restaurant  though I often go to 
.   when we go to   our purpose is to drink beer and get drunk, and have fun But when we go to these kind of restaurant  the purpose is  to feel the atmosphere and taste      taste the wine or meal  which we can't eat  usual life.    the main  difference is the atmosphere, I think.
Yes,  I'm in trouble.  I reserved a seat  of the train. But the train has already started. I couldn't  get on the train. So   I want you to change this ticket for another train or pay the money back.
.  But    I have to go even if I will be late. And ‚hdon't have  enough money for another ticket so   I'm really in trouble, and I want you to change this ticket.
Because   I came here by bus but there was a big    traffic jam. And so I couldn't  come here in time.  Because there was a car accident. I couldn't expect that  so  I couldn't  come here in time.  Is this the good reason for  being late?
O K.
. No.  I have been to foreign country only twice.
 I went to Hawaii.
 I have been to Hawaii twice.
 I went there to run marathon, Hanolulu marathon.
.   first time when I went there  a friend of mine   said  "Let's go to Hawaii to run marathon   for a graduation trip.". So I felt interesting and maybe  to run a marathon  must be   very hard thing.   but     I want to  experience to run marathon  once in a life. So  we went Hawaii    with about  twenty friends.  And we sleep there for a week. And the before the last day   we ran the marathon.
One day last week, we're talking about   how do we   spend the  weekend.  But    weather  cast said it will rain that day.    so we were thinking about  going out without   rain, somewhere  we can avoid the rain. And suddenly we came up with a good idea.   We decided to go to movie theater because    very famous movie        started the one week  before.  And   we went to movie theater and    bought tickets.  The price of the ticket   was two thousand and five hundred yen. And after we bought tickets,  we bought popcorn and coke  and watch a movie,  drinking and eating.  The movie was  about an  airplane accident. And  movie was very exciting.  and     we had fun and  after we finished watching movie, we went out of the movie theater and talked about the movie. And we could have a very nice time. And that's all.
When? . To play?
.   the third of May.
Now? . I don't practice,    I want to have a game  but  when I was in university, I really practiced baseball hard but now I don't want to practice anymore.
Yes,  but play hard. 
Thank you very much.
