 my name is .
 that's fine. Yeah.
Nice to see you.
I'm O K. It's really cold  
yeah,   I've recovered from my cold.
 not exactly. But I like it better than .
Because I just can't stand the heat.  I'd rather be cold than like being in a  place  hot.
I have to go into cool place.
Yes.   at first,  I really didn't want to come back to Japan. I used to live in England before.
. Yeah.
So I really didn't want to come to a school in Japan but then I got used to it.  There's lots of people who are very kind and who are  same situation as I am in. So
and they understand me and I understand them. So I think that's a really good thing about this school.
So I like it quite a lot.
Yes.    I used to live in a place  near  which is right north of England. And  I used to go to a  girls' schools so
. Yeah. It was a private school.
And     ,  but the teachers were really,   they were very friendly and  there was lots of communication traction between the students and the teachers all the time.
We had small classes. So like, each child got  the maximum attention that she could get from the teacher
which was very good, because like all of us are at different stage and we're not all at the same level. So that was very good.
 about nearly seven years.
I think I was eight  .
Like second year in primary school.
  I have two brothers, an elder brother and a younger brother.
My my eldest brother goes to a university. Right now he's second year     . .
Yes. In Japan. And I have a younger brother who's eleven right now.
He's a fifth grader in primary school.
 yes.     my dad is an employee at  a company .
And my mom's just a housewife. She does part-time job right now.
  I like reading books.  I enjoy  reading classics and I also go out with my friends quite a lot.
 I also play the violin, so I do some practices in my free time.
.
   . You know, we hang out.
And we go shopping or we go watch a film
 . We go  a lot.
Because it's closer to school. We all have our  commuter ,
 like we don't have to pays for   the transporting fees.
So we go to .
.
   there's lots to do in , I guess. There's lots of shops for .
. So  there's lots of  cinemas so you can watch lots of them. You know, some places they only like show,
you know, particular number of films but there's lots of cinemas in  so
you have a wide choice. Yes. And also I guess  I don't know. We  for those reasons, I guess.
.
Yes. There are a lot of girls the same age as us. There's even like  primary school students or like about my   small brother's age.
You know, little 
in . And sometimes it just feels like kind of dangerous for them because
 lots of  people there and
 not everybody there , yeah,
good people.
There's been lots of incidents there.
We've heard lots of things .
O K.  this is scene in a classroom. And the teacher is  doing a math lesson. And   the student at the front is studying but some of the students are playing with their mobile phones, talking to each other, drinking, and some of them are sleeping. And that's it. 
 .
  first of all,  , obviously
in our school. And   we weren't allowed to talk in class. So we were not allowed to drink or play with our mobile phones. We weren't allowed to carry mobile phones into our school. So and the desks were arranged in a more semi-circular way, so  like we were surrounding the teacher.
Yeah. That's basically the differences.
  at first, yes. .
Yes.
So everybody was, you know, typical white people. So they have some, you know, prejudice or something.  it was hard for some of them to accept me and it was hard for me to accept them. So like they sometimes called me Chinese and they started making faces. So that I was very hurt like that. But then, you know, we grew up together, so   at first, those kind of things happen. But then like we got used to each other being different.
So, I guess, I didn't experience any other kind of  with them.
O K.
.
O K.
Hi,  this is  speaking.
Yes.  I'm very sorry, but  I had a car break
 and I don't think I can go to your party today.
 I was on the way to house and  we stopped and my car broke down.   but we couldn't get it to work any more.
And we had to carry the car to a nearby  garage. But they couldn't do anything about it right now. So I guess I can't go today. .
 . 
 I'm really sorry. But  I hope I can go another time, maybe like next week or something  if that's O K with you.  a surprise party, .
 I'm so sorry.

.
Yes. .
Yes. 
   the school wasn't a big school. And     there were only about twenty people in each class.
 only had two classes in each year. .
Yes. So people used to invite  class.  we used to have different kind like tennis parties.  we used invite like    instructors about tennis and we used to play tennis.
Yes. 
 a coach and they teach you how to do tennis. .
 my . So there were lots of parties like that.
, there are lots of dinner parties, dance parties,  balls, proms. 
  about  one each month, maybe.
Sometimes more, because some people had the same birthdays  in one month. .

 O K.
One day last week,  my friend and I  prepared to go on a camp
to a nearby  riverbank. And we packed up. And we rode  to our destination. And when we got there,  we built up our tent. And we made our supper. However  it soon started raining. And the tent was blown away and all our  cooking utensils were blown away. And so we got back into the car and we drove.  we found a hotel called Hotel Cosmos.
And there,   we stayed the night. , is this for ?    so we stayed at the hotel. That's it, I guess.
  outdoor activities. I guess    we do a lot of walking.  there's lots of hills. And we used to live in an area where it was close to this place called . And there are lots of nice lakes. So a lot of people used to go walking around the lakes and used to climb mountains. English people like doing that kind of things. 
yes. Like this. That's the main outdoor activities that we do.
.     I think it's a good  sport to do   I guess  I actually never skied in my life so I don't know how it feels . There's no snow in England. So there's only dry-ski.
Yes. There's only one  skiing place, somewhere in Scotland. That's it.
So
 how it feels but   I've heard that it's good.
And it's very enjoyable.
And I guess surfing is another thing. And I've never surfed in my life so I  that, but</OL>
it seems fun. 
Yes, I would like to try but  I'm not very talented at 
I have to be careful not to break a leg .

O K.
   I have work from four.
I work at a pharmacy. Like it's like a drugstore in .
.     sure, I do the teller and  I don't know, I put out new  products and
.
.
Yes. .
 I'm going to go to .
.
 going to study politics.
 in politics.
Yes.
So  it should be fun. 
Thank you. 
