My name is .
Yes.
Nice you see you, too.
Fine. I'm a little cold right now.
 I go near the heater
 wear this coat.
Like that.
Yes, I am.
Yeah, I am.

 go to college.
 .
I  will learn international policy.
. I didn't really have any interests in policy when I entered the school but after taking a lot of classes, I got interested and I thought I could do something to help the people who are  suffering right now.
Four years.
In America.
 I don't really remember. I'd been to the normal  school and  I went to Japanese school on Saturdays.
Yeah.  I went during the middle of the kindergarten to the middle of the fourth grade. I came back so I could go to Japanese  elementary school starting in fifth grade in April. Then I went to the E S L for like  half a year. And after that,  I didn't go to E S L and  there were lots of Japanese kids in our school but I didn't play with them but I play with the foreign kids.
I don't know. But Japanese people didn't, like hung out together.
  at first I was really having a hard time learning English and there was Japanese girl who just translating me everything. But  when I went to first grade, the teacher thought that was a bad thing and she told that girl not to speak to me in Japanese. So  like I think I cried a lot but I learned English.
Family.  I have my dad, my mom and two little sisters.
My father, he works something with computers and I went to America because of his job.
Free time, I read a lot of comic books.
  use the computer and read English books.
.
Yeah. I think so.  when I was in America, there were only "Sailor Moon," "The Dragon Balls" but I don't know what's happening right now. But I think it's popular all around the world.
 I'm learning Spanish and I heard that "Crayon Shin-chan" is really popular in .
Yeah. But it's not for kids but for adults.
I don't know. But it's really popular among the old people.
Yeah, I really love this school.
If I didn't come to this school and went to a normal Japanese high school, I wouldn't be able to speak English like this. Because in junior high, I started to  forget most of the English.
And I didn't listen to the English class where I could get like high grades on test. And when I first came to this school, I got in the  group one  returnee class, I couldn't understand what  they  were saying. But now I can understand and I can express myself.
. There's a lot of people in this skiing. And some kids are having a snow fight.  and in the cottage, there are people having tea.  And I think everyone's having a good time.
 no.
 skied.
America? I don't know. I went skating every year.
I had my own skating shoes.
.
I don't know.
  I just went to elementary school and had .
I never went to dancing parties or anything like that.
 I stayed home, went to my grandpa and grandma's house. . I mostly stayed home.
At home, I watched a lot of T V's and  I went playing with my friend in Shibuya. And  like that.
I didn't study.
    November.
Yeah.
I got it.
  ?  I had this ticket and I wanted to get on the train.  But I couldn't get there in time. So I want to give you this ticket back and get my money back. And I want another different ticket.
 but ?  .  but I didn't get on the train, so I don't need this ticket and I want the money back.
 I had a lot of thing to do. And  there may have been traffic  jam.
 please. 
.
But I don't have a lot of money.
 I don't have any .
 ? 
.
. .  I couldn't  get out of my house earlier because   I had to take my sister to her nursery school.
Yeah. But my sister started crying and we couldn't stop her crying. I couldn't make her eat the  breakfast and I get her  clothes and everything and I got late. And I ran here. But   I got on the bus  but   there was a traffic jam  and the bus got really late.
And    I got late.
.
Thank you.
 no.
 no.
I don't like  .
 I always get on the  same
. And  so I have my spot. And usually no one's there so I can stand there. And sometimes when somebody gets off, I can sit there. So
it's not really crowded.
O K.
. One day last week when I was driving my car, there was a guy coming from the front. He was  using his  cellular phone and riding a bike, so he wasn't concentrating  on riding the bike. And when I tried to turn,     he bumped to my car and dropped his phone. And  I got off  my car and he came. He got angry at me that his bike broke  and his phone got broken.  And then the police came after that and I told him what happened. And  I told him that it wasn't my fault but it was his fault that  he was  talking on the phone  while riding on the bike.  And the police understood that.  and the police took his bike away from him.
Yes.
 I use E-mail but I don't really talk on it. And I don't like E-mails so I usually don't use it. And I got  a lot of money left.
 there's packet but  I can talk one thousand yen but I only use like two hundred yen. So I have really a lot of it. 
 everyone has it  and   there's a manner but everyone doesn't  do the right manners. On the train, like everyone's talking and the people are  using cellular phones on the priority seats.  And many people are doing it  on cars.
I think that's really bad. .
Yeah.
 I have two jobs right now.
So I'm gonna work.
 one's a convenience store and the other one's, I'm cooking.
    the place is right next door. And I cook and the boys  put it on their bike and bring it to the people's houses. So it's not a restaurant like people come in but it's a delivery store.
 three or four times a week.
.
.
