Good morning.
.
My name is . Nice to meet you.
I'm fine, thank you. And you?
Yeah.
 Little bit sleepy and nervous because yesterday, rest I'm not at office yesterday, and went to see .
So a little bit tired. 
But fantastic.
Yes.
 I live in .

Yes.
 My family is my father and mother and my older sister and me.
Four people.
 She's work at how to say, public public's building for orphan, children who are without parents. 
 she's taking care of the children like a kind of teacher.
 Free time? Just sleeping. Because at my office, I work very hard, and little bit tired. And when I'm not sleepy, I'll go shopping.
 Just .
And buy many clothes to wear at office.
Yes, .
 Actually city of crowded city like Shinjuku and Shibuya. And I feel very comfortable at because I live in for almost twenty years. So I don't feel nervous or like that so. Also fashion in is a little bit not showy like Shibuya, and a little bit cheaper.
Yes.
 I'm now at steaming call career team in this company, and carry steaming call for a power plat in Japan. I'm working as a operator of the vessels. And everyday I have to contact with captain or the agent in Australia and in Japan. When I communicate with agent in Australia, I have to use English. And also many captains of the vessels is from Philippines and Indo use English in communication with captains.

 This woman is now in her own room. And she's now using her computer. And I don't know what she's doing with her computer, but maybe she's writing e-mail or watching home page or like that maybe. And a dog is sleeping on the floor. And a cat is also sleeping on the lady's bed. And she maybe wants to communicate with her pets, but both of the pets are sleeping.
 I have hamster.
And eight hamsters.
 So it's very hard to take care of them, but very lovely.
 I have just two hamsters. Male and female so they have children, children, children like that.
Going on and on and on. 

 About food, I give seed of sunflower and cabbage or carrot. And once a day, I have to clean the small cage.
Yes.
Thank you.
O K.
Hello. This is speaking. Is it you a ?
 How are you, ?
 And I don't like to say this kind of thing, but very very sorry, but I can not go to dinner party of tonight.
Very sorry about that. But that there are many troubles in my company about my vessels I'm in charge of. And so I can not go out of the office tonight.
Yes. I don't wanna work birthday, .
Really? 
 I miss the special guest. Very sorry about that. .
So , please invite me the next time your party because I want to have a good time with you and your family and your friends. Very very sorry about tonight's party.
. O K. I try best to go to your house. But maybe I'm afraid I can not go tonight. So please enjoy party . I will visit your house tomorrow to apologize. And also I want to present. 
So anyway, very very sorry about that. But I have to go back office now. .
 please give my best regards to them.
Thank you.
O K. .
Thank you. Bye bye.
 Not such of big party, but I miss my appointment with my friends for a drinking
because like this case, I was very busy at my office for solving some troubles with captain or the agent.
 I'm very angry and I'm very very sad because those friend was my best friend from my high school. So I was very sad, but I gave up.
So I have to start "One day last week"? . 
 make explanation of this .
O K. I'll start.
 One day last week, two young ladies decided to go camping. And they prepare many things which they need in camping. And they moved by their car, and go to near riverside of big river. And very the weather was very good. And they tried to build a tent that to live in. But after completing the building, suddenly, it changed and started to rain. And the weather got worse and worse. And not only rain, but very strong wind was blowing. And they decided to move from river to city. And after arriving at city, they found a very beautiful hotel, and they checked in that hotel. And they had a very good time in that hotel.

Yes.
 I went Yamanashi prefecture, near Yatsugatake. Yamanashi prefecture, but very near to Nagano prefecture. And that was a very high place near a lot of mountain. I went with my boy friend. And at about one A. M, we started lying at tennis court, we used a very thick mat and lying on that. And about five hours of watching, and many many stars are shooting like a rain.
Fantastic.

 Actually, I have to. Because I was off yesterday so.
 many many works and document are on my desk.
Thank you.
.
