I'm .
Nice to meet you, too.
You can call me .
You're welcome.
I'm from , .
   is famous for its  soy sauce.
There is a big factory, ,   you might know.
Of course, .
And   has a factory there.
So it's famous for that.
That's all  can tell about.
Yes. It takes from here to  about  one and a forty-five
.
.
Usually when I  come to  the office,  I spend  almost all time just standing because it's too crowded to read or to do anything.
 I can maybe listen to some tapes or C Ds but  . .
 when I   come home, I usually wait  the train I can have a seat and read books.
  I like  novels and also some kind of   documentaries.
Yes.
At work?
 I'm in charge of accounting  and work for control department and  my responsibilities are mostly  prepare payments and also treasury  job like funding.   we borrow from banks and we loan to  our   relative companies.
.
   I like  this job  so far  because  I think I can see many  relative companies' financial situations through  lending money.
And  I think  my responsibility is a bit heavy for me,  but it's challenging so I think it's   interesting.
Weekend.   I like fishing,
 I like skating  but  it's winter, so fish are not so  in winter, so I don't do fishing  recently.
?
The  best point is, of course, when you catch fish. 
   creature   alive.
. It's very strong  when you hit the fish. .
Yes.    this is a picture   which  draw  many people at a skiing  place, a mountain, I think. And  some people are skiing  and some kids are threw snowball against each others. And   I see a person who is skiing  but fall  and also there is a man  snowboarding. And   there is a  I think.  It's a log house and  a couple is  having  I think a coffee.  and also there is a lift going down and up. .
 yes,  just two times.
 the most recent one was when I was  twenty years old. It's like ten years ago.
And  at that time, I was a member of  figure skating club  in university, so we went a ski place and we all  or were able to    to skate, but most of us  were   not have the experience of skiing, but still we could somehow skied,  because we know how to  run on a  slippy , I think. .
 . When I was  little, I lived in     where I learned figure skating.
   my family moved to  area  when I was eleven years old, so I quitted once, but  when I entered the university, I found a club, so I joined it. Yes.
Yes.
Hello, this is  speaking.
How are you?
  I was wondering  if I could  cancel the invitation which you invited me. .
Yes, I'm so sorry. I know that   but   you know, today, it's snowing, and  my mother, she's living with me but  my mother slipped on a  outside by accident, and she hit  her back and   hospital, so I have to stay with my mother.
Yeah.  .  actually, my father is also in  abroad. He went Indonesia yesterday and won't be able to come back until   next week.  and then  I have to take care of my mother.
   is it?
I'm so sorry, but  you can enjoy without me. 
 maybe you can  have a party without any  particular , so you will see some faces you haven't seen recently.
So please enjoy .  I'm sorry.
Yes, of course. Why not?
Yeah.
. Thank you very much. . .
So good-bye.
   I can't remember right away but  I'm not good at refusing any invitation, so  many colleagues here sometimes ask me to go out or to eat dinner
after work. Most of time,  everyone. Yeah.
 because    I don't want everyone disappointed. .  .
 one day last week,     my father took my brother to restaurant in Tokyo and   my father treated my brother a dinner. And   my brother's name is .  ordered    excuse me,  fish dish and  a glass of beer and my father took a chicken and a glass wine.    since my father  invited my brother , so he  paid for  dishes and  check out. Then they left a restaurant and went home  separately because  they were living separately. .
  several times.
.  In what occasion? When I met with  juniors  in universities
and also, I treated a colleague recently
  because  the colleague  taught me lots of things on a job  and I felt sorry for him because  his  it was not his responsibility to teach all the time,  like half a day, so I asked him to go out to dinner and I   I paid for that.
. Not so much, I think. 
I went   near Ichigaya Station.
. To the Herb, I think. .
To the Herb house. They have lots of  herb  foods.
Like Italian.
Sounds very  healthy.
 no,   I am going home early
and   have to study. 
For  for accounting test.   it will be held in  the end of next month. And also I have  TOEIC test here.
. In the lobby. Also in . .
.
. Yes.
. Because this company  everything .
No. But 
 I have to pass all  those   tests. .
Thank you very much.
