. My name is .
 I came from .
Yeah.
. My family is my father and my mother and my sister and my two brothers, and with my pet.
. She is a dog, Chip.
Very cute and very pretty dog. Yeah.
Five years old.
 small dog.
 so called .
. Do you know choco chip?
And I like choco chip and Chip is some little pretty and cute so I named her Chip.
. With Chip? No?
 I like read some books so I have some free time then I read some books. And I like Miyamoto Teru, so I read his books.
 his works are nostalgic and that's atmosphere 
yeah, I like that atmosphere so.
What? I major in the school of social science and now I study Karl social science.
Yeah. it's a little bit difficult, but I must read some Adam Smith or Max Weaver. it's difficult. 
It's interesting.
 .
Do you know ? Adam Smith write about three hundred years ago.
And it's the basic of social studies.
Yeah. I belong to a we can play sports with balls. we can play basket ball, volleyball, and soccer, tennis, anyways the sports with balls we can play. So
I belong to because I like playing some sports with using balls, so.
. it's a town and there is a road and a salary man, but I don't know, but one man is running along this street. And there is three houses. And two boys are playing volleyball near one big house and near them two dogs are looking each other. And one girl playing . And two women are talking about, I think, it's about family or children.
 one woman has their pet.
No.
 I live in , but I live in , it's near , so more rural.
Country side.
. There is lot of nature. There is lot of trees. And there is some with some shops. But there are tall trees and air is a little bit clean.
I like.
 Usually I played soccer in my elementary school. I like playing some sports, so I took my friend to go to our school and it's ground and so we played soccer. sometimes we go to tree and like jungle.
So we can play, we can ride tree or make to play.

. This summer vacation I want to go to abroad, but I don't decide to go somewhere, so what is your recommend?
 I want to go to some place, go to sea.
Or and some mountains.
Bali?
. in Bali, what can we see?
Ocean.
.
. Sounds great. So how much? 
. If I go to Bali about seven days, how much?
O K. O K. This summer, I want go to Bali.
O K.
No.
But I hope
 to go to Hawaii.
Because I read a book about Hawaii when I was junior high school student, and as for me, Hawaii is a hope for and dream.
So I want to go to Hawaii. But there is a problem.
 it's very much money and I can not swim.
It's a big problem.
Yeah.
 One day last week, when I went to home with my sister, and we found we talked about a lot of things about my families but I heard some voice it seems small dog or small cat. And then find the small cat and she wanted to bring the small cat to my house, but I didn't decide to bring such cat. Because I knew my mother didn't like some cat, so I didn't allow that she loved cute and petite small cat. I worry about but finally we took that small cat to my home and we decided to talk about this with my mother.
.
 I won't pick up.
. Because I have lovely dog, Chip so I won't 
pick up.
. To tell the truth, I didn't pick up. . My father pick up her from his friend and so.
I didn't.
. If I feel lonely or some sad in that condition, then if I playing with Chip to the park or talk, I can feel comfortable.
So it's a good point to keep pets.
Today. I'm take and a and basic economy class.
So I go to that class,
after this test.
No. No, I don't have this week but maybe from twentieth I have,
eight or nine .
Yeah, it's a lot.
, but start to delay class until thirtieth one and I don't know in detail but my university decide the schedule.
So I must take.
Yeah.
