.
Sure.
Pretty fine.
 my class just ended at three thirty so I couldn't be right on three thirty.
 yeah, comparative cultures, .
 it's sort of on the boring side.
 the teacher doesn't tell his subject in a passionate matter.
 I don't know. When he actually does our class, he faces the blackboard instead of us. So
most of the time he's talking towards the blackboard, not to us.
Yeah.
 First grade.
 it's all right. I mean, I guess it's the best for me for a Japanese high school. But I would've gotten a higher level of education if I went to private international school like I C U, for example.
 there's a financial situation of my parents.
So I would have prefered to go into like an American school here.
That would've done much better for me. .
 I'd been in the U S for thirteen years 
I'm planning on going to university 
 in the U S.
.
 it's my parents' job situation.
 is a pastor and he worked there. He opened a church there and he preached the Gospel, the message to Japanese business men, that business men who come and go in the U S.
 I don't know. He's very conservative.
And so he'd be very like strict compare to any other Japanese parents.
 Yes. For example, like he only use the computer for under an hour. Right? And we do not have a T V in my house.
So that sort of example, I guess.
.
. my mom is a pastor's wife. That's her occupation.
 but what exactly do you want me to tell you about?
My mother?
 her real name was . And I don't know. her birthday is wait, October the thirtieth. And my birthday is November the first. So we usually have one big birthday together .
.
Why.
 why.
 likes ever since he was young, he wanted to become a professional piano player.
And so what's it, i the family they were very poor. So he wanted to be a piano player since he was like maybe twelve. And so he finally got his first piano at like age twenty-one. And right after that, he went to France in order to study piano. But I don't know, I think wait, no, no, no, yeah, he went to France first, right? And he found like a lot of problems there.
Like he found like a limit to his extent of like knowledge and skill in piano.
So and then he came back to Japan, and then he heard the Gospel there. And then he decided to become a pastor.
.
.
.
 Let me see. There is a entertainment system. They are composed of this compact disc player and an amp.
 let me see. The door is open. There is two pets in the room. One is a cat which is on the bed. One is a dog which is on the ground. And there is a Asian student, I suppose, using a computer. And next to computer, there is a typewriter. And these two typing instruments are on the desk.
In America?
 let me see. I wouldn't have a computer, typewriter or speaker system.
I'd have a bed, a desk and a 
 I mean book case full of books.
.
 I suppose like this is supposed to be my mother country.
But I don't get used to or I don't get along with Japanese people or Japanese students of my age
as much as I would with American people or American students.
So that's one big thing.
And it's also a thing about citizenship.
Like I feel like I belong in the U S, but my passport tells me otherwise. So it's a little hard thing.
 here, you know, it's exception like I have a friend from Russia and I also have a friend from the U S who's been there for five years. So there's lots of English-speaking people and I get along with people who can speak English.
So that works out well. 
 yeah, I've been learning to get along with people the other Japanese as well. .
 What do I miss most about America? I don't know. It's the people, I guess mostly and my friends, of course.
Yeah.
?
I don't know, you know, I miss talking to them. I miss the activities I did with them.
 I participated in this club there called Club in which you build the robot and you compete a national competition.
And we spent so many hours like over night and like not sleeping for like you know, forty-eight hours or something. Just working together on one thing with friends is
good experience.
.
.
.
 hold on. Can you explain what it means by "against your ticket"?
It says what's it? "Explain what happened and convince the ticket seller to refund your money even though refunds and exchanges are against on your ticket.".
What do you mean? like against the policy.
.
All right.
 excuse me, I've missed my train.
Yes. And I was wondering if you can refund my ticket. .
 I understand it's against your policy. But you see I just can't get enough money. I need to get to this train. I have a very important meeting. And I just might get fired if I miss this meeting.

I understand. I'll even give you my address and my phone number. It's just that I need to get this money refunded so I can get another ticket.
But this is a good enough reason, don't you think? I'm going to miss this meeting, and if I miss this meeting, I'm going to get fired.
 .
It's just so many things. I just got late to the train because you know, the taxi it ran out of gas. And I had to run here.
That's too bad? Come on.
 gonna get fired.
All right.
Thank you.
Yes.
Thank you.
What do you mean? .
.
What do you mean?
 I haven't had like a thing where I missed the train.
Like I didn't have to ever have a refunded or anything. But there's one thing where you know, in the train network I dropped the ticket while I was in the train network.
So you need a ticket to get out of like you know, 
the system. So I needed to talk to the guy then I wanted to get out of. And it was like the ticket I bought was five hundred eighty yen. but he led me go.
.
 I said I was from this station, and I said I dropped my ticket and I couldn't get anywhere.
And he said their policy is usually I need to pay that amount of money
to get out. But he was on me because I guess I was young.
.
Yeah.
.
.
. 
. All right. One day, this guy, he was a business man. He was driving his car to work. And then on the different direction, there was this guy driving a green scooter. And what's it, he's talking to his girlfriend. But what's it, on the guy in the scooter tries to take a turn. a car comes out of nowhere and he let goes of his cell phone and it gets hit. And the cell phone breaks. And so does the tail light. And so as the guy in the scooter gets pissed off and he starts arguing to the business man.
 and then the cops come. And the business man says, the guy with his scooter, it's this guy's fault because he was talking to his girlfriend on the cell phone. did not by law, what's it, the guy's fault, the guy who was riding the scooter. So now the guy has a broken cell phone and a broken scooter, and he doesn't get any refund.
 . I guess the guy on the scooter.
 he would've been more attentive, he would've been get gone out of car's way if he wasn't talking to his girlfriend on the cell. 
 I don't have the cell phone right now. 
I don't have that kind of .
After this interview. not much. I guess I'm gonna hang out with my friends and kill some time.
 I don't know. Just hand around the school. Just talk. That's the way we usually do.
So and after that, I'm just gonna go home and do my work.
 chemistry. Like I need to study.
Chemistry, math, algebra, you know.
 school stuff.
Yeah, I guess.
. we're gonna have the test on the twenty-seventh.
 like final exam so
it's pretty big.
 yeah. I'm trying to study because there was a mid-term, I just bummed all the tests and I got like sixties on all of them. .
I need to work on,
yeah.
All right.
Thank you.
