 my name is  .
 please call me just .
 I'm fine  but I feel just a little bit chilly.
But    last week  I had to attend my customer from overseas'  company. I was so busy,
but  last weekend  they got back to their country.
   this week  I'm not so busy.
So, I feel comfortable now. .
Yes.
 usually   after work, I'm going back to my house and have a dinner with my parents. But  sometimes  I have a party after my duty  with my friends.  and sometimes I'm going to a  sports club
to swim for dieting.
Yeah. And, but  it depends on the timing.  can I explain  my duty just a little bit?
 now  I joined  Corporation Aerospace Department almost three years ago. And, one years later  I moved to  Aviations,
 which is one of  our subsidiaries of  Aerospace Department.
And, I'm responsible for    searching the market over  aerospace industry,
    and the daily delivery for  aerospace or aerospace equipment like that. And, also my duty is the making budget. And, making budget  takes  long time
to complete.
So,   I mean  if  I ordered from my boss to make a budget  at that time  I usually, I cannot  eat dinner in my house.
Because  it must be busy I cannot go back  to my place  at usual time.
O K. So, please let me think just a little bit.
So   I had better   explain  this picture ?
O K, I'm ready.
 this picture is indicating   one scene of ski and    every person   has fun time to ski. And, some guys   is, not good at  skiing so   he cannot ski very well. And    few children  is playing a kind of fight by using the snowboard. And  there is one log house  at the middle of mountain and some people is  having tea. And  this day is the very sunny day. So, that's why  they can have a fun time to ski, I think. That's all.
Yes.   now, I belong to a ice hockey team of my company,
so  I have started,  to play ice hockey  when   I joined my university so  I keep to play ice hockey almost  ten years. And, usually   in winter season  I go to  the  for skiing.
 until two years ago,  I was playing a snowboard.  but, I changed my mind  and now  usually  I'm   skiing. Do you know  ski?
It's a kind of short ski.
And  usually  we don't use a . So      or  we can play  for example half pipe, or something tricky action like a snowboarding.
And, also, of course, this  short ski is the kind of usual ski. So   we can   play    as same as ski.
So, I mean  this  ski has   two kind of way to play. One is snowboarding and one is skiing. So   in this season  I have already  gone to skiing  two or three times. And, this weekend  I plan to go there.
 Yes. .
O K.
O K.
  when  I want to stop  my comment, I had better to say something, "It's over." or  "That's all.", like that. ?
O K.
 please  I'd like to read .
O K.
Yes.  I'd like to go to New York City  at the fastest way. So, please  let me see the    lines that you have.
.
. So  I'd like to know what kind of  trains, now.  I understand you have three trains,
 for going to New York City.
So, and, I'd like to get the ticket  that is fastest way.
.    how much is that cost?
Five hundred dollars? And   how long does it take from here to New York City?
Two hours.
. So  please  let me know the second plan?
Express train. .  how long does it take?
Three hours . O K  I think five hundred dollars is just a little bit expensive for me. But 
I don't have enough time.
So, I'd like to buy the  super express.
Why?
So, you mean    this super express is full now. So  usually  just   because of this time schedule I have to wait three more hours?
 how about a second one?
Two hours.  it's same.  how about  third plan?
O K, so  you mean   anyway  it takes  four hours from here to New York?
So  how much about the  second plan.
 
 express. How much does it take?
. .
Yeah. What, I'm sorry?
Three hundred dollars. O K, I will buy .
Yes.
O K .
O K.
.
By train. . It's difficult usually  I don't use the train for traveling.
 if   I go to any overseas  country or  any other local area,
I use a airplane   until today I went to a several countries by using airplane.
But, I don't think  I have used any train for my travel.
   as you know, it's not feasible for me to use a airplane,
 to go to the overseas   country.
It's of course. But  now I have a car. So     if  I will go to the  a mountain for skiing or I will go to the ocean for beach volleyballing.  I use  my car.
 because   if I will use the train I have to go to the station and,   without a train and   compared with  using my car it's inconvenient for me.
 why I don't use a train for my traveling.
Yes.
One to four. .
.
O K  can I have a time, please?
O K. So     it's a comment as my  last weekend?
O K.
You mean  this girl is you? No?
 ?
O K, I'm ready.
  last weekend  I went to the theater with my  two friends.  one is   my university's friend and his girl friend.
And  actually, I wanted to  watch the  love story but  they wanted to  watch a action movie.
 so  we decided to watch the action movie. And, before watching the movie  we bought  some drinks and popcorn  for   having fun time more. And  during  watching the movie   we had fun time  to watch the movie itself and   have a some drinks and  snacks. And   this movie was  very fun for us.  more than our expectation.  so   we satisfied  to    select  this movie.
And, after that   we were going to have a dinner together. That's all.
.  usually  . I like to watch the emotional movie.
 so  I don't care about love story or action   movie or like that. So, because   some love story had emotional portion and also  some  action movie has emotional  portion. So, through the  movie  I can feel the emotional mind, so  I don't care about love story or action movie.  I want to watch just emotional movie. But, when I explain this picture  I thought it's easy for you to understand love story and   action movie. Because if I  said  something emotional movie like that it's difficult  for me to explain later. That's why I said.
O K .
No.
.
Yeah.   I will go to mountain for skiing tomorrow.
And, maybe I will   return to Tokyo  in tomorrow, maybe.
.
 thank you very much.
O K, thank you very much.
.
