My name is .
I'm from  south part of  Prefecture.
. It is name the  City.
Yes, I like very much.
What kind?
 it's  suburb of   City
And     City     have a very  lots of   nature  mountain and river.  they are very beautiful.
Yes. I was born in .
Yes,  I had lived in  ,   Prefecture,
  Prefecture,  City,
And   
 in  prefecture.
 I    is a best.
Yeah.
 I had   student life  Prefecture, so I had a lot of pleasure in . Yes.
My hobby?
 in these days, I started to play golf, and  I play golf    once  and   now  I'm   practicing course  very hard. 
Special?
    golf is very  difficult for me.  now   I cannot get  not enough score, so I'm challenging it. Challenging is  very  good for me.
.
 it's a  sunny day.  it's   . Describe?
 In front of the  house,  there is a car.  a cats is sleeping on the car and beside of the car,   two womens are  speaking with a dog. And  in front of  the house,   one girl is  playing   .  how to say in English.  and the     two dogs       are like  speaking  each other.      and field,  two boys are playing  volleyball. And   one person  is jogging on the street. And  opposite side of the house,  one man is reading newspaper in front of his house.  .
 very good day. 
   I'm living in  my house. .
 my house very old which is   built one, so sorry,  forty years ago.
And      my house is  like a temple. 
   Japanese old-fashioned type. And so   it's made of a  wood
   soil. So   it's  good enough to keep   temperature inside the house. So   in winter, it's very cold,  so it's a very problem .
.
.
Yes.      regret,     near my house, there's no  field   like this, so my children  cannot play  soccer or baseball  near my house so it's a very   regret.  .
.
It's a very tough. .
        I delayed to get on the train so      I have a  reservation ticket for the train so      I'd like to take the next train with this  reservation.    please permit it. 
  I know it's but     I already   pay  much money   for the ticket, so   this time,  please give me your  permission.
   . , frankly speaking    actually,   my bag was on  the train so I have a problem. . So  on the next train,     let me take the next train and  so       I need  my bag so  I'd like to   get my bag, so  please  let me take a next train.
.   my God.    .
     before the  leaving the train,   I went to toilets   because I had a stomachache, so   once  I got on  the train, but I get off the train and go to toilet. So I lost.
.
. Yes, I have.
Yes, I have,  one time.
.  when I went to   Amsterdam in Europe,  I  got the train,  from  airport to the   center of city, and in a Amsterdam, the train  does not make a announce inside the train, so I didn't know   when  I may  get off the train,  I didn't know   how many stations  on the line    I asked the  another passenger   when I have to get off the train.
Yeah.
?
Yes, that's O K. 
One day last week.
  one day last week,  I went to a department store    to buy   tie for my husband.     I was  looking for a tie      when I was looking for a tie,     one      clerk come to me and asked   which one  is the best.     I don't know which one is the best for my husband, so    I could not decide which one is the best.  the clerk  recommended  green one. The color is green.  I thought  this green tie is    looks good for my husband so   I decided to  buy this one.  .   the purpose of my buying tie  was  present for   my husband's birthday, so I asked him to wrap the tie  and then     I paid the money  for the tie to clerk. And then,    I wanted to  buy    golf club.      I wanted to buy not only  tie,   I wanted to  buy a golf club for my husband.  my husband  like to play golf,   but  I didn't know where the golf club is sold in the department store, so I asked him.     he taught me where the golf club is sold. The golf club is sold  on  third floor of the department store, so I went to buy the golf club.


       Prefecture.     I play golf with my co-workers of company.   most of the co-workers are living in  Prefecture, so we play a golf in  Prefecture sometime.
 yes.

.
