Good afternoon.
My name is .
Yeah.
Nice to meet you.
 I'm pretty fine.
.
 language class after this.
 I play badminton for club activities.
 yes. there are like five second-year students
and seven first-year students. But everyone is sort of not feeling good so there's only like five people coming
each day. So it's a little bit for me.
 I wanted to do badminton since I was in middle school, but there wasn't any badminton club.
So I wanted to do that in high school.
I like to read books.
And maybe comic books, too.
 I don't like to read like really hard ones or difficult ones. Like I read it for fun.
So it's kind of light reading.
I like Miyabe Miyuki.
 I like to read mysteries
so her story is not like too easy, but it's not too difficult
to understand.
And it's really enjoyable to read.
Yeah.
 I have one brother, and there are my parents. And they're all pretty fine.
And my brother is in middle school right now.
And he's really tall.
Yeah. We don't look like .
Yeah.
 my brother is a little quiet, maybe. Yeah, he seems like quiet in the school but he's not really quiet in our house.
Yeah. He likes to hide feelings outside maybe.
 maybe he want people to think that he's cool or something. 
 in .
 I used to live in United States, too, in and .
Yeah.
 about five years or so.
Yeah.
 the climate was, in , it was really warm all year along so it was enjoyable. But I like to see the snow in the , too.
But maybe .
O K. this is a math class. And the teacher is describing something on the blackboard. But students are not listening. And the person in the first row in the middle is the only person who's listening. And people are just playing or chewing gums and staring somewhere else.
 in the States, people were more attracted to the classes.
They were listening and they were responding to the teacher's questions.
And teacher was more like speaking to the students more. She wasn't like just staring at the blackboard and describing things.
She tried to attract the students more.
 like that attitude was different, too. Like the students thought that it was really necessary to listen to the classes. But in here, like people are just like wanting to play around
a little more.
They're just like wanting to have fun than to learn things.
 I think that's different.
I don't think it's really necessary.
Like it's really loud in classes and noisy,
so I can't concentrate, too.
It's really important to have fun, too, but I think you have to listen to classes.
O K.
Hello, this is calling.
I'm fine, but I'm really sorry that I couldn't attend the party today. my mother had a heart attack and I had to go to the hospital. I'm sorry I couldn't attend it.
 I'm really sorry. And I just wanted to go to my mother and see that she's all right.
But luckily she recovered.
And I want to see the people I should have seen today next time. So please invite me next time, too.
 I'm really sorry. I was just surprised and couldn't understand the situation little bit more. So maybe it was a little late so I wanted to apologize.
Yeah. I think so. And I'll go home 
 tomorrow.
Thank you.
 .
. Yeah.
Like I was going to attend my friend's birthday party.
And I really wanted to go, but really my go to the hospital.
Like she had like stomachache and really bad one.
And I had to call ambulance and take care of her.
It was really surprising, too.
Yeah. She had nothing bad though. But she really had stomachache at that time.
 maybe I call someone who wasn't attending to understand why she isn't coming or he.
.
I think I cancelled it because my mom is really important, too. And I can have a party next time, too, maybe next year.
Treatment.
 yeah. At that time my father wasn't at home so I called him and I called the ambulance. And he did come back earlier so he was the one who got into the ambulance and went with her.
So I had to stay home. And yeah, and it was really quick though. And she was O K. And my father called me and he said that she was O K. So that was pretty fine.
O K. One day last week, two girls were planning to go to the camp near the river. They were packing things in their car and they went to the place where they held the camp. But it started to rain suddenly. And the winds blowed so hard and the tents were blown away. And it was really impossible to continue the camp. So they went into the car and found a hotel. and they decided to stay in the hotel rather than to camp outside.
 is tennis included?
 I used to play tennis when I was in middle school.
And I like it very much.
 but I like badminton like I said last time.
But I still like tennis, too.
 we have to use the wrist more
in badminton.
The shuttle doesn't fly a little higher like if you don't use the wrist.
And then tennis, if you use the wrist, you injure your arm so badly
so you can't use it. And that's the most different thing, I think.
Team sports?
. ?
Yeah, I used to do it.
And I still doing badminton, too.
Mentally. mentally. In doubles, you have to like think about the other person more. And you have to move according to the other person's movement. So you have to think more. But you can enjoy the sports more if you have another playing with you, I think.
Yeah.
 not today, .
No. Monday and Thursdays, we don't have practices.
Yeah, they've already quit it.
And I think they're really having a hard time right now.
Yeah. 
.
.
So the leader was already the leader right now
.
In the summer, yes.
Yeah.
.
