.
. is first name.
O K.
Nice to meet you, too.
 I was so sleepy and because I had to attend the first class.
So so I was so sleepy.
 I belong to economics faculty.
 but I don't like it. 
. It's so difficult to master the economics so I'm afraid of study,
about economics.
 no, I'm living in .
 when I go to university it takes about one hour,
 go.
I think it's convenient.
Yes.
 in our house there is three person one is a father I have no brother and sister so I have no experience to quarrel ,
brother or sister.
 many of people ask me are you alone?
Are you lonely?
But I can't compare,
that condition. . So I always I am always puzzled,
 answer.
 I like cooking so I often try to make the dishes and and what else. . Of course there is my parents.
So I often talk with them .
 it's hard to 
 for example a accident
accident related to me and news now there is problem in the world, a and something about Afghanistan so and what else and my mother often complain of ,
 I have to hear what she say .

 pardon?
 I didn't.
 there is snow ground and many people is playing. for example one is skiing and one is snowboarding and one is calling somebody and maybe he teaches skill of skiing and one fall down and children is trying snowboards and there is in the log house two person is talking and drinking tea.
Maybe. and I and what else .

 I like skiing, but
 there is not enough budget to go to ski, so,
 I want to go to skiing but now I can't.
But maybe in future I will go to .
 .
 I've once try to skate I want to go there many times but around my house there is no place to skate so winter sport. Sorry .
.
Yes, but when sn snows I often throwing snowball,
against somebody,
 who is friend.
. I'm not child but I often kid him
.
 I have tried.
 tried. Yes.
O K.
But O K.
 I'm looking for a meat but I can't find. where is the lamb? I want to make the lamb chop so I want to get the lamb. Please tell me where it is.
O K, 
 I of course I'm looking the various meat but I don't know the quality of them so please explain something about.
Where is better?
.
.
. I decide to buy the beef come from New Zealand but I don't know how to cook the lamb except lamb chop if you know.
recipe?
.
Thank you.
O K.
.
 so please one pound.
 one pound.
O K.
O K. Thank you.
O K.
Yes.
 salt? A salt of cooking?
 why. why. O K. I love cooking because I can decides taste as I like so I love cooking and when I cook something I waste the difficulty for example cutting, frying and stewing so somebody say it's troublesome but for me it is good for me.
 my hobby is the cheaper than any other. For example, if I buy the clothes, I have to pay at least three thousand yen but if I buy the meat , I only pay for at least three hundred yen so it's cheaper.

 no.
No.
Short story, O K.
O K.
 she went to department store and she in she wanted to get a tie for her husband for his birthday and she ask the tie to clerk was explaining about it and she decide to buy one of tie and paid for money. . After that she found the board which is final sale thirty percent discount and then she find the clothes. She look up the board and there is the sentence fifty percent off. So as I look at it she bought pumps and clothes and then she go out the department store with the articles.
 having that goods.
 it's hard to say. . When I was young, there is problem between my parents and me so there is not good relation between me and parents so I I didn't buy the present for my parents and I and now I don't have any girlfriend so there's no need to something so and now recalling so .
 I can't. Sorry.
 Christmas. now I don't decide the plan for winter vacation so but I want to have a fun. 
You, .
