Yeah. My name is .
Yeah. Of course.
Nice to meet you.
So I'm fine. But little sleepy. So how are you?
Good?
 I live in city, the west of .
 So in the company's dormitory.
Yeah.
Yeah, sorry?
 Company's dormitory. Yeah, so the person who has not marriage yet so live in so together and in the compartment. So together. So in the dormitory, about forty or fifty persons in this dormitory in Chofu city.
Yeah. dormitory is a little old so comforta little old. so I hope the dormitory now I live in they renewal I hope.
Yeah, I think .
So the I am a operator of the crude oil tanker. So crude oil tanker loading the crude oil at the Middle East, Persian Gulf. The discharge the cargo to the Japan or Korea and the Philippines. So the crude oil tank I operates the crude oil tanker to "Please go to this port at the Persian Gulf." and "Please supply the bunker, and in this port.", for example.
Yeah. in holiday, I want to play the football. And I belong with club club activity in company football. So in holiday, I play the football or driving a car. So I bought a car I have a car. So about three or I have a car. So play football or driving a car. but I hope to date.
Yes, available?
Yeah, new car. Yeah.
 O K. so this new car is made by Toyota. The name is Bitz. it's a very compact car. But in living is very wide so very comfortable to drive. And this car is very reasonable. So I bought this car.
Yeah.
So the football I have played since so junior high school? So junior high school's so Most before the high school. what's the.
O K. .
Yeah. So from I'm a ten years old, so I have played the football. so junior high school, high school, and university. So when I choose the club activity in company, so I choose football club.
Yeah.
 No, .
.
Yeah. So this room is a young girl's of a room. And has dog or cats. she likes animals or maybe so. so now it's nine o'clock P. M. So enjoying his time she is enjoying her time after the dinner. And so maybe she likes personal computer and the typewriter. But so her room to be very clean. so
O K.
 So compare with my room,
 this room is very very cleaner and wide. so I hope I want to live such a clean room . but the numbers of books, so compare with my room, so there is more books in my room. And but this audio system and the personal computer, so there is a I think more expensive one from mine.
Yeah.
Sorry?
 so at first, before started I have started to live in this room, this room is little dirty because this dormitory is little old.
So my room, so one times per a week, only the holiday.
So yeah. So I think her room is cleans everyday. so from her or maybe from her mother.

Yeah.
 .
O K.
Yeah.
So hello , speaking.
 So I'm fine, thank you. And you?
 as you know now, there is a very famous animation movie in Japan names "Sento Chihiro no Kamikakushi".
 so I want to look this movie so shall we go to the movie together?
So how about another movie?
 O K?
 so movie theater the position is at Shinjuku,
 near the Isetan Department.
Yeah. So how about next Sunday,
in the eleven A M?
So at so the building named the ALTA near the Shinjuku Station. Do you know the building ALTA?
. the so let's meet at the building ALTA at the eleven A M the next Sunday.
O K.
 thank you very much.
.
 sorry?
. Yeah. So so do you know the "The Client"?
? "Client" is so based the novel written by Mr. John Grisham.
The story is so the little brothers, so older brothers and younger brothers, so come across to the lawyers. So he is now the suicide at the . the lawyers is the suicide because he is threaten feared by the Mafia. so there young brothers so looks his suicide scene. So the Mafia has target to the young brothers. So the in older brother has said, " please help." to the another lawyers woman lawyers. so the woman lawyer and the older brother so help together, and fights and to Mafia.
Yeah, suspense story.
Yeah.
So one day last week is situation. .
Yeah.
O K.
So one day last week, so I have I met with my uncle. So I have not meet with my uncle since one year. So we hope to have a dinner together so went to the restaurant. So in the restaurant, my uncle have kindly attended to me and arrange the seat. And he say he say to me that please the I want to eat everything. And we have a good dinner and with good alcohol. talk to how about my work. how about and how about wife and my aunt and my cousin. so the very good dinner time. after the dinner, we have to check in the restaurant. my uncle says that "So, O K, O K, so you don't have to pay any money.". So I say, "Thank you very much and I have very enough.". And after out of the restaurant, so we say good bye and have a nice day.
Special plan for today? no, no, I think so. Today is this time only so I think, yeah.
So maybe so I operated at present the three vessels. And in the three vessels, so the one vessel have some trouble at now and 
 I but I hope that today is not busy.
Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you very much.
Yeah, thank you.
