My name is .
Nice to meet you, too.
 I live in .
 I have been living  there for   almost two years.
Yeah, I live with my boyfriend.
 O K. So,   he is tall, and he is handsome for me,   I can't talk with .  many things, about many things.
Weekends,   O K,   our working style is difference. So, my boyfriend  stay often  on  weekends but for me it's   weekends I have to work. So  it's difficult,  this question.
My job? I'm a flight attendant.
 so,  I'm working for a foreign  companies   of course my English is not enough to work with  foreigners,  and  let me see,   maybe   O K, so  we are Japanese, so we have to take care of Japanese passengers but,  also   we have to work with foreigners as well, so  sometimes   foreigner don't understand  the way of thinking Japanese, so maybe that's the most difficult point   for my job, .
   traveling so much, so  I'm not so pretty busy.  I have many day off,  but  on the weekdays, so sometimes I'm going to snowboarding  in a winter time.  I'm going to the  surfing or bodyboarding .
.
 with my friends. And sometime with my boyfriend, if   we have the same day off.
O K.    many people  play with snow.   some of them are skiing, some of them are throwing  snowball  fighting each other.  it seems good snow for me. 
 I mean, it seems like powder snow.  I can see   this person who falling down here  is  he is  pretty sink under snow. So it means  powder snow .
 I went to  Hokkaido  end of the January, and      it was good snow at that time and I really enjoyed  snowboarding.
No,  I never doing ski. .
 I came from the south part of Japan, so when I was child     I didn't have any chance to do skiing.
  and actually I started snowboarding  three years ago, at that time  snowboarding is more  popular than skiing.
So. 
   what do you mean, best part?
  maybe   when I do  snowboarding  on the powder snow,        I feel slow, I don't know, I feel  walking on the cloud.
 it's very soft and very smooth.
 I hope so.
O K. ?
Yes,    I want to go to overseas for my vacation, but I haven't decided yet to where I go, so do you have any good place to go?
  let's see   I love beach so much so,  do you have any wonderful beach   near the Pacific Ocean?
 . O K,  and also I really want to do  scuba diving there, and also  my hobby is surfing, so I prefers beautiful sea ocean, and if  beautiful ocean and I   I prefer many fishes there, and also      I need a  good waves as well.
Yeah,  I've been there.  So I really want to go to  very, how can I say  I really want to go to place  where  people are few.
Palau? Where it is?
I see. . . O K,   I really want to try to go there.
O K. .
Thank you. 
 my favorite city is,   I think Sydney.
 I don't know.  I like Sydney so much.    I just been to only one time but,   I don't know .
   I've been to States only the Boston, and Seattle, and New York, and some kind of  main states. So, actually I've never been to California, so you know,  as I said before, I like beach so much, so If I go to California, I might change my mind. . Yeah.
Yes, I think .
Hawaii is nice,   it's beautiful but   it's like  one of the Japanese city, and also,  Oahu is a small town. So, maybe I can enjoy Australia more than Hawaii .
One day last week. O K. .  So, O K,  one lady went to department store  to buy some tie for her husband. And        sho chiz</SC>   she chose   one green tie and bought it. But   when she went home,   she found a final sale for  ladies shoes and and  she bought her shoes as well,  and then also she  fifty percent discount sale  about clothes. She   bought it, too. So, and then,     she went home to bring a lot of outstyles from the department. O K.
. Recently,  I normally go to the England for my job, so I bought  clothes in England. .
   I like Japanese clothes but   I normally stay in Japan  when I stay in Japan, I always go to some mountain   ocean and beach, so I don't have  a time to go shopping in Japan, so. .
England.  I think   the quality of clothes  is not good like a Japanese stuff, but  I don't know,  maybe,  especially  yeah,   do you know the England well?
?  actually I'm not  so interested in about   shop  to buy clothes. But I'm very interested in to buy some foods.  So     I usually go to  the Selfridge department store near the Harrods.  there is  many nice chocolates and cheese, wine and    some snacks.  so, maybe .
 twenty six, which is Monday, I think.
Yes, this time, I've got a six days off.

  yes, one of my friends    will move and new place, so I'll help her.

Yes. 
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
