My name is .
Nice to meet you, too.
I live in ,
with my family.
 there are four people in my family. Father, mother and younger brother.  My younger brother lives in  because his company built a institute in . It is difficult to go to that building every morning.  too much time.
So he lived near the .
  I'm between the job.
I stay at home and help my mother.
 I'm looking for the job which use English.
But  I haven't decided what kind of job I want to do.
 I'm a member of Girl Scout.
 I go to the meeting and  play or help with children. And sometimes  we have a meeting, sometimes we go to hiking.
  I can challenge many things.
For example, if I want to do, I can go to the foreign country because   Girl Guide is spread all over the world.
 And playing with children is one of my favorite things.
Twice a month because now children  is very busy because of clam school.
So for them, it is difficult to participate meeting every time.
 I haven't ,
 .
Last hiking?
 last summer, we went to the camp near the Mount Fuji.    I am a leader of  primary school student, so they don't  make tent. They stay in the building. So we stay building together,
 and we don't cook. Instead of that, we eat the meals that people  for us.
 it was very big camp.
So more than hundred .
Yes.    it is a sunny day. And it is a  picture of the house.  there is a big house in this picture. And  there is a garden, too. And there are four big tree in the garden. And there are two boys who playing the volleyball. And there is a man who is jogging. And    they have pets. They are dogs. And one girl is doing jumping rope. And  one white car is parking on the road. And on the roof of the car, there is a cat. And two women is chatting. And one of the woman is  taking a dog. And on the other side of the road,  there is a man who is reading a newspaper. 
.  I live in . And     I think this is  like suburb.
But I live in    city rather than suburb. So there is few house which have  big garden like this. And  this house have big land but our house is very little one.
 And we don't have enough children. And    near  my house, they are high school student. So we don't have such  age .
And near my house, there are a lot of cats instead of dogs.
Yes.
 yes. I want to go to New York.  I want to go there  as soon as possible.
  what kind of ticket should I buy?
Super express? I see. How long does it take to get New York?
I see. When super express   will leave this station?
After three hours? And it is the very   fast way to get New York?
  but  superexpress is suitable way?
Expensive?
My priority is time. So I want to buy .
  please explain.
 regular seat, please.
I see. O K. The smoking seat, please.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Yes.
  traveling by train, because   sometimes I have car sick.
 By car? By any ?
I went to Russia with my mother last year.   I went to Moscow and Saint Petersburg. And there are big difference between Japanese hotels and Russian hotels.   I</SC> when I went to Russian hotel,  I was so surprised because  there was no toilet paper.
In Japan,   when housekeeper come to clean the room,  they  toilet paper, but Russian people don't know. And according to the guidebook, we   there  was no toilet paper    ready. So  it was good  to ready.
No.
Yes.
One day last week,  one girl and her brother  is     taking a walk  in rainy days. And suddenly,  brother hear the     sound and  listened to it. And they found a cat in the box. And    the girl  felt so sorry to looking at the cat. Maybe cat was  left by somebody. So girl asked brother,  "I want to take this cat with us.".  for a while, he is thinking about it. But the girl asked about it  again. At last, he agreed with her. And  they went to home with cat.
Cats?
 I like a cats.  I don't mind cat.  There are many cats that people have and people don't have  left.   I hate  so  I  can't . I don't feel so troubled about cats.
 when I was  a child.
 I think advantage of keeping a pet is grow kindness, heartwarming for children. Sometimes 
grow responsibility.
 .
 sometimes if they had a dog, they have to  take a walk with a dog every day, if they  build a good relationship. But   I didn't make any friendship with .
 maybe I come here with my friend, so I exchange our information about test.
   maybe   go to some coffee shop and take a break.
 she.
 thank you very .
.
