. My name is .
Yes. Sure. Please.
 . I got up  at eight thirty this morning.   so    I felt  very good.  So    I had a  breakfast in my room.
 . I ate   an egg and  milk and  some coffee.
  actually, frankly speaking, I live alone. So  I   usually  I cook  by myself. But    it's difficult for me to cook  you know,   so grill or    cutting. So  I usually brought some  food   from a supermarket. And  I eat.
  I'm a member of a sports club. So  I try to go to that club to  make  some exercise. For example, swimming and  so  some aerobics. But     I can't go to that  club  every weekends, because     sometimes I have appointment.
 so    I'm   forties. So   I feel   my health . So  I decided to  maintain my   my body in a good shape. So  that's why  I began to go  to that sports club.
 .  yeah,    I should care for  that kind of things.   so   on weekdays, I'm very busy,  so I have to have a  quick lunch or   very  you know,   that .
. So   for example,  or  sandwiches something like that.
Yeah. So when I was very busy   at work, so  I sometimes  pass or   you know, get delayed  to have a lunch.
 . I work for some foreign companies   which is a   investment advisors. I mean, so.   we are dealing with    invests a lot of money in stock markets or bond markets.
      so to be honest,  using English .
So that's why  so. .   I'm not good at  English so   I have to use  English  at work. Yes. So  I need to get my English improved  more and more. And  so that's why     I joined  English  conversation schools.
 Describe this picture?     it's a  sunny day. And         there are   some houses. And   maybe     it's weekend. And     the neighborhood peoples are  enjoying      playing   games, and   jogging  or  talking  with   each other. And    so   I can see  the little girls. Little girl is  playing  in front of the house. And the   two dogs are  barking each other. And        a cat is sleeping     on the top of the car. So   he or she seems to be  very happy to  sleep. 
 .    it doesn't similar to my neighborhood. So   condomini building. So    my neighborhood is  a lots of  buildings.
So,  I wish  I would live   like,  this neighborhood like.
      so,  I would like to enjoy       go outside and   playing on the  green. So  if I live in a single house in  suburban's area, so  I would be  more happy.
.
. Hi.
  I'd like to go to New York. So  how can I get  the ticket      so  I would like to, as early as possible, to go the New York.  so how can I get that kind of  ticket?
So  so  which one is   the earliest?  ,
  so      when will that train arrive at New York?
 . I see.
One hour. O K. So, but   it's a express train    which is the fastest one  to   arrive at New York?
. O K.  I understand.  So   how much is that  ticket?
     return ticket.
Two-hundred fifty dollars? .  O K. So  I'll take it  one.  so do I have to make a reservation or  something?
. O K. So    I'll make a reservation, and   take it.
. So  here is   one  so  I pay  for it.
Thank you very much.
 Yes.  actually, so I went to India    .
Yes. Sure.        I have been  thinking so  India is  very,  you know,  mysterious country. So   I was eager to go to India. So   I made a big decision to  take   a week off  from my company and   went to the India to see the  Taj Mahal and  some  different  temples and   famous places and  go    people who believe in   Hindu religion.    in the River Ganges, so the lots of people  dive into the Ganges River. And,   you know, like  bathing   in that water. So  I wanted to see that   things.
Yes. .    I enjoyed  the travel very much. But    so    I heard so    when you went to India, so you always  got   you know,  you always sick,  I mean, so  like a stomachache or  so  .    so   indeed, I got a stomachache and   so you know, so  India is a very dirty   actually. So  there are lots of  garbages and   so        those roads are not   paved.
  so    the cars are   you know, so    America and the Western Europe and Japan   the government  is regulating the so       the  pollution. But  India is not  prohibit to the  polluted air.
  so, excuse me     I'm telling the story.
  O K. .
So one day last week, so     we met my old friend. And  we decided to go to some restaurant  to have dinner. So        we found a restaurant which seems to be  very nice. So       we go into that restaurant and asked the waiter to   have a dinner.    so      after we sit the table,  the waitress came  to us and              we ordered some meals. And      the dishes we ordered is  very    the dishes we ordered are very delicious. And      we  also drank  some beer. And   my friend  also     had  some wine. And    we enjoyed very good our dinner. We had a very good time. So       my friend insisted    he paid  for  dinner. So       I thanked him. So  he paid  the bill. So,   after that,         we said good-bye each other and   made a promise  to  see again in the near future.
O K.
Yeah.
.  yeah, thank you. Sure. Please, so
  I'm a little of nervous. 
