.
My name is  .
 yes.
  whichever you   like.
I don't really mind. 
Nice to meet you, 
Miss
.
I'm fine, thank you. .
 yes. It's  very busy but I like this school.
  lots of things to do. . . .
  a festival we have at school.
 I have  sports to do after school and  the works.
?  it's  what other schools call .
 we  do things as a class.  my class made a shop and we sold Thai food.
. And  we did things like .
 last year, about   .
 yes.
 in England.
Yes.
.   it was a nice place. .
There was trees everywheres, .   it was  really a shock to me coming back to Japan, because there is  so many buildings. It's hot. It's so different to England. .
 thirteen years.
 ten months old.
. .
Yes.
So I don't remember being taken to England.  when I started to grow up and I noticed I could speak English and Japanese.
So there're a lot of people  really think why I can speak both languages. It's kind of .
 my Japanese is   .
 a little bit,   I think. 
My family.  I have  a mom, a dad,  one big brother and one  younger brother.
 my big brother goes to   .
He is nineteen, I think. 
I'm not sure about the age of anyone in my family, I'm not sure about mine either, . 
Free time.  Go to sleep. 
  like play on my computer.
 play on the Internet.
 friends, things like that.
 describe.
All of the picture. .
There's a teacher teaching mathematics. There's a girl playing with her mobile phone. There's a boy listening to his  Walkman, drinking  something,  probably some kind of juice.  two  girls are talking, not listening to   what the teacher is saying. There's a boy looking out the window chewing chewing gum making a bubble with his chewing gum, and he is crossing his arms.  all this is being done in the classroom.  there's a board marker,
there's a door, there's windows,  there are chairs, tables,  everyone's working.  the teacher is wearing glasses, so is the boy who is chewing a chewing gum.  . The boy who is listening to his Walkman
has a watch, which is probably digital because there are no arms on it.  both the girls who are talking to each other are wearing necklaces. One is wearing bracelets.   she has also got nails  that kind of long pick. .  actually, there is one boy who is working.  he is listening to the teacher.  he is in the middle. He has blond hair, he has a pencil. . He is a good boy, listening to the teacher, I suppose.  .
  my school  is much better, I suppose.
 there are people who are talking and there are people who are using their mobile phones and there are people who aren't listening to what the teacher is saying, but  the percentage of those kind of people   is smaller than the people who are listening to the lessons. Thank you.
.
 I'd like to get a refund or exchange my ticket for this train. The train has just gone. I  kind of missed the train because I  had a stomachache and I was in the toilet. 
 would  like to exchange the ticket for  the next train if it's O K.
 but I haven't got on the train so I'm not sure why I should have to pay for the fare .
But  how could  help it?   I had a stomachache. I was in the .
 .
I still don't know why I should pay  for the fare of the train I haven't been on.
Why should I pay for this ticket?
Yes. So I would like refund so I can buy a new ticket.
.  But I want my money back or I'd like another ticket. .
I don't have the money.
I don't have a bank account there.
My parents are dead.
Can you help me, please? 
.
Traveling?  yes.
  go quite around the world  in the future when I get job. I'd like to get a job which sends me around the place.
I'd like to see  places.  and Japan is a small place,
 if you compared it to the world.
So I know that there is more things out there. I  want to see those things.
      when it was the time to come back to Japan,  my  friends held a party for me, .
And  until then, I didn't really  think that friends were so valuable to me. But there were like friends that   cried for me.
Saying like  they were really upset that I was going back to Japan. So
that was 
good, I suppose. 
Yes. .
O K. One day last week, a man in a orange car was driving along as usual.  then  when he was driving, a man on a scooter came along from the opposite direction. And he was  using his mobile phone whilst he was driving a scooter.  because the man using his scooter, he wasn't looking where he was going, and he hit the man in the orange car.  when the man on the scooter hit the orange car, he dropped his mobile phone. And his mobile phone broke. The man on the scooter claimed that   the person    who was responsible for this accident was the man in the orange car. So the man on the orange car called the police and told the police that the man on the scooter had been  using his mobile phone whilst he was in the scooter. And it was obviously the man on the scooter's fault that the accident happened.  so the policeman took a whole  notes down and he said that he would like to see both of them in court the next week.
So the story ends and the man who was on the scooter watches his scooter being taken away for repairs.
?
. Yes.
Bad points for  phone.
     I use it between the lessons. It
. It kind of encourage me not to listen to lessons  it just makes me kind of want to just look at my cell phone 
 talk to someone. 
Yes. .
But   they don't really care because  
 stop lessons just for one person  
 like "You shouldn't be using your cell phone.",   stuff like that. 

.
  not much. 
.
Not in my classroom. No.  sometimes I'm talking to someone in Kyoto. I have a friend in Kyoto. .

 It's better than lessons. 
Yes.
  firstly I want to go to university.
In Japan, .
Yes.  and  I want to study there.  I was thinking about      the production of television. . 
Yes.
