Good morning.
O K. My name is .
I'm fine, thank you. And you?
I come from  city in  Prefecture.
. No. Actually, I was born in  Osaka. But, after I got married, I moved to  city.
Yes. I like it .
 city? .  . It  has a very nice background 
 probably  in culture. And they have a good school,  universities. And also, elementary schools . And people are very friendly.    and they have a nice  shopping centers.
 we can just go around and have fun. So it's a very nice city.
.  You know,   my hometown in Osaka,  it's  kind of difficult to say, but    the level of   living is  rather low compared to that of  city. And also,     that city doesn't have a nice  atmosphere in schools and in town, too. So I prefer  city than my  hometown.
Yes.
Family? .  In my family, I have  my parents and my  younger sister and me. So that's four of us. And  my  father works for the trading company, but he's retired now. And my   mother has been a  housewife  since she got married. And my sister,  she is a sculptor. She graduated from   one of the   art college in Kyoto And she's majored in     sculpture. But she's now being very busy about raising her child. So  she's now  stopped doing her sculpture work. But she'll be  resuming sometime in the future, I .
 ? .  . I have been attending the translation class at  one of the English schools in Osaka for half a year. So I have been very busy doing homework for that school. So I really don't have much  time for  doing some hobby.  so,  right now,    studying the translation work is  kind of  hobby to me.
. I majored in English language at my college. But, at that time, I didn't like  doing the translation work. I was much more interested in doing     some kind of research for the linguistics or something.  and, after I got married, I had a chance to  live in the States for five years.    and, I don't know,  I just  began to think, maybe,  the translation    I don't know,  will be very good for me. Because,  now, I have a child, so   my child wants me to stay home and do something with her. So, if I do the translation as my work, I can  stay at home and do the work  as well. So that's why I decided to study   translation.
 .
O K.  . This is a  scene in  one of the   towns. And there is a quite big house. And also, I see a lot of people, especially, children playing around the house and   two women  having a chat on the road. And I see  one man      running. . And  I see a lot of trees in the  backyard of the house. And   the boys are playing balls. And  one girl is   jumping rope   in front of the house.   and there are two dogs facing each other    playing boys. And also, I see a gentleman sitting on a chair and reading a newspaper.  . And there is a white car parked along the  side. And there is a   cat sleeping on the roof  of that car. And  one of the ladies chatting, she has a dog with her. And I suppose she is   taking this dog for a walk, I think.
Yes.
. First, I lived in the  Chicago area    for   two and a half years and then, moved to  San Francisco area  and lived there for another two and a half years.
Chicago? .

O K. .   in Chicago, we lived in the one of the town house.
And we had  a two stories   house.  . It's  three bedrooms.  And, while I was there, I had a baby. So,  when we went to the States, we didn't have a child. So we used the whole house for   the two of us. But, after    I had a baby, we have to have one room for her. And  we put some baby bed in one of the bedrooms. And    it changed a lot after we had a baby.  And,  after we moved to  San Francisco area, we lived in  one of the houses. And  it was  quite a big house. And quite a big  backyard. So my  girl  was playing a lot in backyard  riding a tricycle and moved to the bicycle afterwards.
. Yes. We really liked both houses.
O K.
 O K.
Hello? . This is . And I'm very sorry that I couldn't   go to your party  tonight. . I really wanted to go, but my girl   having a cold. And, tonight,  all of a sudden, she had a high temperature. So I really couldn't  leave her alone in the house. So that's why I couldn't make it to your party. And  I really hope to come to your party  next time you had this chance. So, please call me whenever you have the party again.
O K. I'm really sorry. I was really looking forward to the party myself, too. So it was a great   disappointment to me,
also.
. Yes. I thought of that,   too. But I really didn't want to leave my child having a temperature. So, please  understand it. Forgive me not able to come to your party.
O K. So I hope to come to your party next time.
You're welcome. And thank you.
No, not really. . Beause my child was  quite small, and, as I said in our conversation, I didn't want to leave her, and I didn't want    someone to keep my child.
But I didn't want to  try that. So I didn't have any chances to .
.  .     before I went to the States, I thought  American husband will be much more   helpful than the Japanese husband. But  I was talking to one of the American mothers, and  she said that  her husband was not really helpful either.    surprised to hear that. And  it was  hubbub to raise a child, and   her husband was quite busy with work. So  I thought that some of the American   men are like Japanese men, I think.
.
O K.
O K.
 O K.  . One day last week,  I was driving. And  I saw a man on a scooter coming  toward me. And  he was talking with somebody on the cell phone. .  And   we got bumped. And   the man on the scooter   the And also,   his scooter got damaged by that accident. And   he was furious about it. So we called the police. And,   at the time the police was there, I explained to  the policeman that the  man was riding on the scooter at the same time he was  talking to somebody with the cell phone. And  policeman understood.    so,        at the end,  we called a truck to   take his scooter away.  And the policeman told us that   the man on the scooter was responsible for the accident. Because he was not really   cautious about riding scooter.
. Yes. Sometimes.
.  I usually drive   only  around my house, because I'm not really confident   about my driving technique. . But, sometimes,  my husband  drives to Osaka. And, while I was sitting next to him, I really get scared with the driving manner of the Osaka people. Because they were always in a hurry, and they didn't really care what    other cars were doing. So I get really scared.

This weekend? .  . Yes. I have one appointment.    you know, it's not a very happy one. Because    I'm thinking about sending my child to one of the, I don't know, prep school,   this spring. So   I'm planning to go to the  prep school to listen to  the teachers' explanation about the .
 yes, she's  nine years old. And she'll be in the fourth grade this spring.
.
You're welcome, .
