My name is .
Nice to meet you.
I come from .
  I have grown up  .
    .
Yeah.
O K.  my family consists of my father, my mother,  me, and my little sister and my little brother.
O K. My little sister is,   first grade in high school. And my little brother is  second grade in junior high.  They are very cheerful, and  we are very  close to each other.
  we   mainly chatting  or play the game together,  T V game.

  my free time?
    my mainly  is,   to make money.  so I'm very hard to  work in part-time job. And since   I am an university student, so,  I have to study a lot.
I see. .  My part-time job is   assistance of  office work   office. It is a   trading company. And I put some information in the computer,  and response some call from  their customers or something like that.
Of that job?
  I can see   how the   businessman working, of their work or   what they do or how to use official Japanese words, or how to use a little bit official English.
It's very interesting, but  they work very hard, so      it makes me worried about  what I will do in the future.

Yes.
 O K. It  seems to be  in restaurant. And    there're three tables. And  there's a sound because there is a  piano. And  it seems to be a very expensive, elegant type of restaurant. And  in there,   there are three tables, but   the most big table  in front of this picture   is  two person. They seems to be a couple. And there's a woman.  and they are ordering wine and    there's   one serviceman  who serve a wine.
No. 
Yeah.     no I don't go such kind of  French restaurants. 
   I often go to  just a very casual restaurant. And  I like Italian so,    where we can chat in a loud voice,  and talk with friends   in long time,  and not so expensive one but  delicious one.
O K.
 hello,   I am a participant of      your travel agency.
 this is a    ?
O K.  O K.  I'm a participant of  study tour.
    and today  why I  call up you is   it is  far from what I have expected were different, it is very different. So    I'd like you to explain what it is  and if you can,  I'd like your compensation.  .
O K.   first of all, you said that,   we will stay   in the   most  
  luxurious  hotel where we can eat  Japanese food in the morning and in evening. But actually, there's no Japanese food   and  I've got a stomachache   because of     these foods are not so clean    for us, Japanese.
  no, because  there's a tour conductor of our  tour and I asked her. But she said that   she cannot  talk with the officer of the hotel. And since I was very sick, so I had to go to hospital, and  there was not time to  talk with the officer of the hotel.
Yeah.   her treatment of me was very rude for me, and was unbelievable. And she didn't  fulfill her responsibility.   so   she was   not  suitable for this tour. So    I'd like to hear the explain.
 Solve?
 O K. Yeah.
 is almost all.
O K.
  sometimes. . 
It's over?
. Yeah.     last summer, I have  joined the   tour   in Germany. And  German students organized the  whole tour so,  it was pretty nice, and I enjoyed myself. But,   sometimes,    what  foreigners would like to see or go to sightseeing is different from what they would like to show.
So for example,        , where we go is different from    what the  guidebook recommend. For example, if there is one city and tour,  guidebook recommend to go to some   sights, historical sight, very important sights. But,   German students would like to show    industry or something.
 but   as for me, I'm  Japanese, Maybe almost all of Japanese  that kind of  industry.
Sorry?
  I couldn't do almost  anything. But     maybe    I should have  check where to go  in the  or homepage or so.
O K.
O K.  . Last week,   one woman   went to  department store because she had  maybe her husband's birthday. And she would like to  buy  some present for her husband. So,   in the department store, she got a some nice tie. And    after buying the  present for her husband,   she found  there is a sale  in the department store. And  she was glad to buy her all  materials  something like   shoes or clothes. And  she  bought  a lot of materials and come back to her house.
Any? . Yeah.   but it was .
How? O K.    at that time   I wanted  some  new winter coat because the old one was  pretty old. And I got  bored with the  design of the coat. So first of all, I mainly  look around the coat. And after buying this,      I had looked on everything. And  buy  something  which  I liked.
  yeah.

 three or four clothes.
 ?
After this?
  I will go to part-time job and then   have a shopping,  and  I will go to  .
No, no, no.
Yeah. .
Yes. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
