 my name is and then I'm eighteen years old so freshman.
Nice to meet you.
. Now I live in , near , school.
Yeah.
I'm from , Prefecture.
It's snowy now.
Yes. Quite different.
. So there especially so now it's snowy now and then so I got a call from my parents and then so they says so we have to removed snow and then so it's very difficult time, yeah.
 sometimes yeah but when I was in junior high school and high school, very much.
I have my hobbies. . Now swimming.
 is swimming. Yeah. And now don't do the swimming because there is no pool near my house so I haven't swam for a long time, but yeah, if I have a chance I want to.
. So now I belong to the circle, English circle. And then so now I don't have any activities but usually we have three activities, speech, debate and the drama so I had a English drama festival on November and then so at that time I practiced for that so now we hang or chat with my friends.
. So we played the sideman. The title was sideman so sideman means the back musician, no, no, so there's a band and then so it's jazz band and then beside lead player so we sideman plays and then so it's the life of them.
. So in my role I had some some special accent so I have to say I have to add "sh" so I have "sh" I have "sh" "sh" so anyway I have to add "sh" in any words so I have so some good example so "He sh and he sh taking apple sh drinking and," so anyway so I had to add "sh" and then .
Yes, I think so.
 England or Germany or something but I don't know in detail.
Yeah.
.
O K. O K. This picture so it's rainy day and there is maybe here is maybe I think it's on Sunday it's Sunday and then so and kids playing volleyball and then so yes mothers talking each others and chatting and then so two dogs I don't know but they probably talk together and then he runs hardly and maybe it's like the man reading newspaper and then so anyway this looks very peace and then so it's the residence looks very fine and then so the place this area looks very very safe. And then so sleeping on the car and then so she is , O K, anyway the sun is . . It's very good. . Anyway this looks very safe or looks very funny not funny. This looks very safe or .
 now it's quite different because I live in . is in so it's kind of urban city and so in front of my house there is a so there is a lot of cars and there is a lot of people walking so I think it's quite different from this one.
. Yeah, I think it looks very good. Yeah. There is lot of nature so yeah so.
. My hope is to live near the sea. so I like sea very much and then so if I could live near the sea I could swim. I could always swim or yeah I could go out to the beach and yeah.
, but sometimes I like snow very much and I like skiing very much so yeah so both snow.
O K.
O K.
. Hi. I'm very sorry that I can't go to your party, because my parents got cold and then so no one is in the house only me. So only me I can take care of him so I wanted to go to your party but I cannot go to your party then. I'm very sorry. . But if you have another party next this party I will go to your party anyway so. .
. but anyway especially my father has a fever, the terrible fever. He has forty degrees so it's very serious and so I wanted to go. Yeah there are many friends my friends and then you, you are here but I cannot.
. But if I my parents they don't sleep and then they said they can't sleep so I cannot go there so only I have to take care of them.
. Thank you.
. Thank you so much for inviting me and then I will go to your party for sure.
. Yeah.
Yes.
. .
Yeah I like to especially, I like to go to the party.
Yeah.
. . So exciting party. . When I was high school, I went to the U.S. and then it is only for one week. It was very short but so at that time so we had a farewell party. So it means good-bye party and then so at that time so we had a party at a school cafeteria and then so the party was small but my friends or yeah people in the States give me the present, many present, or give me some message sometimes in Japanese.
So I cried because so they said I miss you very much or something and so I was very impressed about the message and then the party so yeah that's my most exciting party.
Yeah.
. O K.
O K. So one day last week drive so I enjoyed driving but so from the opposite side there is a man who calling with cellular telephone and then so maybe he looks very happy because he is calling to his girlfriend and then so I drive and then the guy drop the cellular phone and then the cellular phone damped into the car and then fall. And then the cellular phone broke and then so he and I stopped driving and then he got angry about being broken the cellular phone and then so but I know that while driving using cellular phone is illegal and then so I scold him and then I called to the police and then police came to us and then police investigate about the situation and then they understand so the guy who has the cellular phone is wrong and then the he had to pay fine or had he lost his bike. Yeah. .
. .
 like this kind?
. sometimes I if the accident was not serious I don't want to call to the police office because if I call to the police officer the accident get bigger and in some cases I have to pay fine or yeah so yeah in case of the not serious accident I will say to the others I'm sorry or yeah or they say I'm sorry and then so we have to reconcile each other and then so I want to solve the problem.
.
. Nothing special but yeah maybe I go back to my circle, circle members.
. Yeah, that's right. .
Yeah from twenty-eighth to fourth, yes, just one week.
 I don't .
. Thank you.
