Good morning.
 My name is .
 Please call me .
 It's too long.
Fine, thank you. How are you, too?
 Only been about seven months or so.
Yes.
Yes, I am a fresh man.
 I think it's O K. It suits me.
 I belong to the accounting department. And I like figures I like analyzing what actual figures mean. And I think
I like it.
Yes, I am.
 I'm not in a accounting division. I'm in the liner division, and I do the accounting for the liner division which means I don't do the accounting for the whole company. it's just divisional accounting. And of course accounting skill or knowledge or that's required. I now been studying that since I came into the company. And, yeah, basic accounting skills and what the figures mean and yeah, that's about it.
 basically the accounting skill or knowledge I read books or the company lets me go to accounting schools. not at the moment. But I went to several accounting schools in May and June. And to figure out what the figures mean for each what the actual figures mean, or after of accounting books and then I calculate how the figures calculate. Yeah.
Weekends.
 I do athletics. I do long distances. And this Sunday, I'm going to be running a full marathon. So I've been practicing for that on weekends.
Yeah.
Yeah. you know, it's like when New York Marathon where all citizens take part. I do it. That's Kawaguchi Lake in Yamanashi Prefecture. have you been to Kawaguchi ?
 you sort of run the lake twice. And that makes forty two point one nine five kilo meters. It's my fifth challenge.
Running. I started running when I came into university, that was my first time. I didn't belong to athletic club when I was in a senior high school. But I was pretty fast. And I'm good at long distances though I didn't belong to the athletic club. And I thought I might, you know, start.
No, I didn't actually. no, I didn't.
 No. I mean I don't think I have the rights to comment about her because she's most professional, and most fastest runner in the world,
I think.
 This is a picture of class room, I think about junior high school. the teacher is teaching mathematics to the students although only a few of the students listen to her. And most of the students are doing something else.
 one, I think because students aren't interested in mathematics. And two, because probably the way the teacher teaches is not that good at all. She's not teaching mathematics interesting. Or three, it's probably nothing to do with examination.
 Very good question. usually, mathematics teachers, they try to describe everything using figures. But if she's not interesting or most of the students aren't interested in figures, that if the teacher tries to explain everything in figures, I guess it'll be difficult interest the students. So I think the teachers should explain mathematics rather not using figures, but using something else. Using like words or examples that are more close to you.

 pretty much the same, I think. But I think I listened to the teacher.
But I think I was listening to the teacher. Pretty much the same, I think.

Students. this is much worse, I think than my high school days. first of all, we didn't have cell phones in a high school days. So no one was playing around with cell phones, but there were students chatting or chewing gums or drinking or listening to music. So yeah, I guess pretty much the same.
 O K.

 Hello.
 Hi, . Hi, yes.
 This is 's calling.
 Terribly sorry. There's nothing I can do about it. I was on my way to my garage. But when I turned the engine of my car, it didn't go on. The car broke out. I couldn't get and I thought of some other transportation to get to you. But the buses aren't working because of the strike today. And there's nothing there's no way I can get to you.
 all the transportation are on strike today.
 I'm Sorry. I don't know what to say. I'm terribly sorry. But there's nothing I can do here.
Brother?
Your house is like fifty miles away from my house.
.
Yes, I was coming by my car. But it's gonna be like four o'clock in the morning when I get to your house. And if you you make your brother do that, I'm taking all you know, enjoyment of your brother. And I can't do that.
No. That I'm sure he likes parties rather than driving.
 Just sorry, I'm sorry, too, actually. Because it's car accident, and can't do anything about it. I'm sorry, too. I'm very sorry. And if you have a I appreciate if you could invite me to it.
. Thank you. I'm on trying to fix my car, but I can't. I'm sorry.
. Thank you. Bye bye.
 what do you mean by party? A home party, you mean? .
 yes, I do actually. I mean it's quite difficult to have a home party in Japan. But at a bar, or, yes, I do.
 Because the houses are not big enough, I think. yeah, and it's quite troublesome, I think. And there's none of the car parks around houses. And it's quite bothering.
Yes, I have. Yes. Yeah, home party. usually it's a home party when you go abroad, I think. Yes.
 yeah, that was in Australia. that's ten years ago, I think.
 it was birthday party of a friend of mine. And I couldn't drive in so my mom drove me to his house. And he had a swimming pool.
 place. And what we did was playing around in the pool. And we went to this park like only two or three minutes walk his place, and played football.
 I did, I think. 
? one day last week?
 It happened last week.
And what do you mean by "One day last week,"?
 . O K.
 O K. Start off with this. O K.
 One day last week, John was driving his car to get back home from work. On the other hand, Steve on his motorbike was also going back home. Now Steve was visiting his girl friend's place with his motorbike. However, he wasn't concentrating on driving. He was concentrating on talking with his girl friend. And the accident happens. When John tried to turn left, he Steve. However John quickly turned his handle, and avoided the accident. However Steve no, he didn't . , yeah he avoided a big accident. the car didn't hit Steve himself but it hit Steve's motorbike. On the other hand, when John hit a Steve's motorbike, Steve dropped his cell phone which means that Steve broke both his motorbike and his cell phone. Steve claims that it was John's fault. And they decided to call the police to see what was the cause of the accident, and who's fault was it. when the police man came, they both explained the police man what happened. And police man write down what happened, the concrete situation of the accident, and went back to the police station to report. John's car wasn't broken at all. So he drove off. However Steve whose motorbike was broken and could not be used for driving, decided to call engineer nearby, and took his motorbike to the engineer.
Now, 
 I mean Steve should not have been talking with the cell phone when he was driving. I don't think there's any fault with John.
Yeah, I think so.
 I've never hit someone else's car or bike or person.
Yes, I do.
 movement of people and movement of cars or movement of those anything that moves I keep my eye on.
It's not difficult. But how do you say, it's annoying to drive in Tokyo.
O K.
 Thank you, too.
Work. Yeah, I think so, yeah.
No. I don't go at the moment. I'll probably go next January, I think.
.
Thank you. Bye.
