My name is .
. In Japanese is  .
So  is O K.
. Fine, but it's a bit cold, isn't it?
So  I'm not feeling that well.
No. I like summer better.
  I like you know, going to sea for swimmings and  so I like summer better.
 I'm going to snowboard with my friends at the end of December from  twenty-sixth, but you know,  winter holiday is very short so we gonna have school and our test in January so I guess summer holiday is better.
.  it's fun because I've tried skiing before but I never did it well, I never successed with it, so I tried it when I was about sixteen years old and I enjoyed it so I'm doing it for about four or five years since then. Three years since then. 
. Political science and economy.
. Actually my school is  so  you know, we could choose which department you wanted to go and  I don't know but  I cut off the ones that I didn't want to go and then   the one that I'm in now remained so I'm in political science.
 I used to when I was in high school but now I don't.
.  until I graduated high school I thought that  I was playing  soccer, for about  more than ten years  and I was thinking about entering the club in university but I thought it  would be a good chance to you know, try something else other than soccer.
.
And actually I haven't find anything but I'm trying to but   I don't know I'm playing football with my friends although I'm not in club. But   I like sports, all type of sports so thinking do something  soccer.
Describe this picture?
O K.   a young type of lady teacher is teaching mathematics, I guess, for the students that seems to be around the age of fifteen, sixteen, but the students are doing  what they want to for themselves and only one you know,  smart kind of boy is listening to her class.  And it seems to me that students have no uniforms for them and I guess this teacher is bit you know,    poor in this situation.
In my high school. . My high school didn't have any girls in my class, so that part is bit different. And of course we didn't drink or have chewing gums while class time and  the thing they wear about is that  we had the rule that we could wear uniform and your private  clothes so  you know, the scene isn't that odd for me. But you know, drinkings and chewings are  completely  and we didn't have any young teachers, lady teachers. And but the class size and how the desks are lined up looks the same in my high school.
Yeah.
. It looks as she's trying to teach  math for every students hardly but  I'm afraid there's no one listening to her. So  .
Yes.
Japanese one.
No, not yet.
O K.
 I guess my train has gone already and I had reserved a seat for that train, so I want to pay back and have another seat for the next one. Is it possible?
.  But if you have any vacant seat I would like to have it because I have a you know, important appointment in my you know, way afterwards. So is it possible, please?
.  The reason?
The reason .  I'm the politician in this country so I have to go to the international  commission to you know,  take part in so if I get late there the whole country of Japan might  broken up.
 so please.
O K. .
Yes.
Thank you very much.
.  With train or like anything?
Anything?  No.
I don't think so.
Yes, I have. But usually my parents were with me so  I didn't get involved in any problems.
 no problems and the money. I don't have to pay any. And  I guess you get relieved with your parents because if you are alone and if you go to country like you know, a dangerous country it's a bit get nervous.
  . You can't go to places you want to  for your own. And you have to you know, go somewhere else you know, go everywhere with your parents every time you know, and at nights you have to go to bed at a typical time. So that's the bad point.
 I've been to Switzerland before and Switzerland is most memorable place to me.
  I climbed this big mountain  was very cold but   the view was very beautiful. European countries are very beautiful but I had a very strong impression for Switzerland and the meal, the dinners and stuff, were quite nice so I have  strong memory.
O K.
One day last week. .
O K. . One day last week, Tom was driving his car through the highway with his orange   Benz. And from the other way  there came a boy driving his motorbike with his cell phone. And he was talking to his girlfriend and he wasn't looking around.  and then  they got a crash, and the car hit  the bottom end of the motorbike and the boy on the bike dropped his cell phone and broke it.  fortunately the boy didn't get any injury but the phone got   you know a little bit into parts. Then they had this quarrel which one was you know, the careless one. And they quarreled but finally they called the police and the man, did I say Tom?
Tom, driving called the police and claimed him   about it with his showing the cell phone. And I guess  in the end the policeman  punished this boy with the motorbike and he had his bike taken away. That's it.
.  Yes, but  only a small one. I was driving my motorbike and  suddenly from the sideway bicycle with you know, really fast speed  came to me and we almost crashed but  I swift him and we didn't get involved but I slipped and I had my bike cut. I had a lot of cuts in the right-hand side of bike but we didn't call any police. It was a
slight accident. Yeah.
 I guess you should call the police. It's the best way.
?
After that   no I heard that police does everything if you call so maybe you should depend on and rely and then it'll go well, I think.
Good.
. Yes I'm going to meet my friend afterwards and going to the sport gym.
In new building next to the  Campus.
Yes, .
So it's really cheap.
Yes.
With my friend.
 there isn't any swimming pool, but there's those machinery.
Yeah, machine exercise.
Thank you very much.
