  my name is .
Yes, of course.
 . I'm fine but  a little bit sleepy because     last night  I couldn't  have enough time to sleep.
  at first, I went to bed   at   one o'clock,   in the midnight. But  suddenly,     my high school friend  who is going to    University called me.
    and he said that,   "Hey       I can't sleep now  and  I have nothing to do  so let's have talk,"  and   so " How's everything going?".  Yeah,  to frank with you,  I really wanted to sleep because  today I have   a first period class, so   you know, because       it is so long since    we  talked  last so   I decided to  talk with him.
 we talked about  many things like   the school life or everythings or  movies or  girls  and   then  he suddenly said, "    I want to sleep, so bye-bye.".
Yeah, and 
.
     everyone said I'm  considerable  person. But   I don't know whether  I'm nice  or kind.  and   then         time was  four o'clock  in the morning.  Then   I couldn't sleep, yeah.
So,   after that,    I watched T Vs or radio news, then    finally, I  became to sleep at  five or six o'clock. And  I waked up  nine o'clock this morning.
  .   I have no time  to eat breakfast so I skipped it.
. Maybe,  I go to the  cafeteria of my university and     I wanna eat     ?    I  eat hamburg or rice,  yes.
.
.    this picture    shows    a dinner time. And   it was  seven o'clock and people  enjoys the dinner. And    in the center of this picture,    maybe,    a couple   enjoys the dinner.     and  drinking   the wine.  And       perhaps   the clerk or staff of  this  restaurant     ask a one person   how this wine. And he said, "Yes, it's very good and it's  very tasty so    we   decide  to drink .".
 I   to be frank with you    I don't drink alcohol.
  when I  drink alcohol,      my face  turns  red, and    I want to  vomit.
So, I'm so weak of alcohol.  .
? But   sometimes   my friends, invite the party and  they want to drink. So,        because I can't drink alcohol so,   I drink  orange juice or 
oolong tea and  enjoys the party.
.
Yes. .
. .
  excuse me, but      the other day  I bought this dress but     when I     back my house,  I realized that  I don't like this. So,  I'm sorry but  if it's possible,   I want to  change this clothes   to another   clothes  or I  want you to  back my money.
   .  I think,  at first, when I  bought  this  cloth  and   it's warm and    it looks like warm sweater, but     when I backed home and when I  try this on,  I realized that    this  not so warm.  so   I want    warmer sweater.
Yes, actually you're right. But,   if possible,   I want you  to change clothes.  I want allow me to change the clothes.
     yes, actually it's my fault.   I'm to blame, but     let me see,     I am a customer and       the cost  is  too much and       I want to buy  something that  I'm very satisfied with,  because           the cost is very high. So,  if possible,   I want you to allow me to change clothes.
 yeah, thanks.
Thanks very much.  and then   can  I  look for something that I want ?
Yes, thanks, thank you very much.
Yes.
.
O K.
O K.
O K.   one day last week,    it rained  hard  and            although three persons  wanted to go somewhere, but    it rained hard so,       they're discussing  what they should do  or     how they kill the time. And         while    they were discussing,   one of them said that  "  I have a good idea,   let's go to see the  movies.". And, they said, "Yeah, that's very great idea. So  let's go.". And   yes, and they    went to  the cinema and    and,   buy the ticket of  movie. And  the cost is two thousand and,  five hundred yen,  and  before    they began to watch   the movies,       they bought something to eat like  cokes or  popcorn.  And  after  buying those things,     they began to  watch  movies. .               how can I say     it's very thrilling  movies and    in that movie.  the  plan  had a accident and     the plane was    about to  fall down.  it's very exciting movie. They enjoyed it a lot. And,   after  finishing watch the movie,  they said, "Yeah, it   very interesting movie.". And so, I was so excited.
.
.
.   I think that   the good point of  seeing  movie at theater is  that          we can feel, a  very   powerful noise. And   because the sound is very big and  the screen was also so big. So,  that's good point. And   bad point  of seeing movies at theater is that the cost is very high. I don't know exactly, but,   I guess it's about   was  thousand or two thousand yen. So it's  cost high. And    compared to  seeing   the movies at theater,   the good point of   seeing  rental videos at home is that   at first, the cost is very low and  when,  rent the movies at shop,  it cost about    two hundred or three, hundred yen.    it's very reasonable. And   and   one more .
?
.    this weekend,  I will have a part-time job  as a teacher at  private tutoring school.
And,      because in the school,  winter   special winter course  will begin.
  I have to  teach  my student       from   three o'clock to nine or ten o'clock.
.
Yes, thank you very much.
