 my name is .
Yes.
 I live in . It's fifty minutes far from here by subway.
Yes, I like that place.
No, I'm from south part of .
So. Yes but almost one year.
. I see. my home town is located in very country side in prefecture, and there is a lot of farms and plain place around my house.
Yes. Sounds nice. . Yes yes very country side but City the center of the city is very lively place. And I like that 's atmosphere. It's very famous for .
. Not actually but I sometimes go swimming.
 all what I can.
. professional baseball team and professional players or. It doesn't attract me.
 O K. I see, O K. I major in history I mean . I major in art history. And I'm freshman here and but I used to work for company for long time. But I quit my ex-job almost two years ago and I decided to do something just for me. So I decided to go to university and I took the entrance exam last year. So that's why I'm here.
 I'm enjoying college life.
 O K, the lady are sitting in front of the desk. And the computer, and printer, and keyboard are on her desk, and she is doing something on the computer. And behind her she has one cat and one dog. And cat are sleeping on her bed I suppose and dog laying on the floor and they are all sleeping right now. But then in her room, there is another thing. stereo is on the sideboard and some books inside the shelf, and also phones are located on the same shelf. Then I think it's her room, her room is plain and clean and its door is open and it is nine o'clock in the morning.
No, completely different.
 my room is that my room the floor is .
And I don't have a bed, I just place the mat on the and I don't have any pets.
 one similar thing is I have a computer in the room.
. And O K.
 I prefer Japanese style room because you can lie down on the floor and if you sit on the floor, the room looks bigger than sitting on the chair, and my room is not enough to put the big desk and big chairs, so. And if you have a floorings room, you have to clean the floor every day because dusty .
 floor.
 I have to decide the
? O K. O K. . . I'm looking for some nice stall for winter, so do you have any, stall or muffler something like that?
O K, so I see, so. I'm looking for not special one but something long and white and soft but not so expensive, do you have something like that?
 I see.
You know, I think it's good one but you know doesn't have a good quality, so maybe I'm greedy but I want price's not expansive. So I think this is a bit thin so another do you have more thick and soft one?
.
But I think its color is ? 
. I prefer some between red and pink.
But bit shiny. 
 O K good I say this is also four thousand yen?
 and how long is this?
That's great, so O K. I will take it.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Yes, I love it. But the problem is I don't have money. 
.
O K. he wants to have a date with his girlfriend so he called her last week. And he asked her go to zoo with me?". So, she said "O K," so give to the zoo by car then there are lot of animals there, of course, so they see a lion and they saw a monkey and monkey are eating banana. monkey eating banana and they have lot of fun and so they had a fun. So they get a good relationship then they went home.
. Yeah.
. Yes I did, I think.
 I like zoo.
.
 It's very pity very sad thing, I think, and sometimes the inside the cage are dirty and pretty small, so I don't like that, to see that situation, and that's not good for the animal, but yeah, I saw some very clean and good zoo in abroad so there is no cage, but between the guest and animals there is a deep edge, deep cave. ? so animal can't escape and we can see the animal without cage. So I thought that was good.
Good.
 I will go back to my hometown, and maybe spend time with my family, visit grandmother and grandfather. So have a fun.

Thank you. You too.
Thank you very much.
