 my name is .
Sure.
Nice to see you, too.
 pretty fine. And you?
I'm in the first grade.
 I think it's good so far but it might not be good as well.
You know, when I was in the States, I couldn't get along with the school lifes.
 I was just lazy. I couldn't do my homework, I my class work.
 I'm kicking my butt hard so it's going fine
so far.
.
 mostly it's the food.
I used to like MacDonald's, but they don't have that much. I mean they do have it, but it's too expensive to buy it.
Yeah, like the food,
like the set. You know in the States it's like three dollars and fifty cents. But here, it's like six hundred yen.
No, ma'am.
Daily school life. I usually wake up in the , and sometimes I forget to brush my teeth because I'm in the busy. And I get to the school eight o'clock mostly. I get ready for the class and go to the class.
 the main point is that it's not just we the students move to the other class. The teacher moves as well.
Yeah. You know in the States, the teachers have their own rooms so they don't have to move, and just the students move. But here, everyone moves.
 as long as I move anyway, so it's not really my problem. 
I think it's better for the teachers to sit in their room so they don't have to be bothered for the time.
 my family. I have mother, father and my younger sister, and I have a cat.
 the cat name is Kazuha. And we bought her in the , but she's all grown-up now. And we're planning to get a new cat.
How?
 like we called I don't know how to say it in English, but like World Cat Organization, and we try to pick one of them.

 I usually go out in the mountain to run around and do some exercises.
Yeah. It's not like track and field stuff.
But
I sure like to run around like look at the nature.
 I usually go to the mountain in Hatano where I can see the Mount Fuji really close. I heard that it's not a good place to visit for Mount Fuji.
So I decided to look from the far side.
.
 there's a house and there's a car with the cat sleeping on it.
And in front of the car, two women are talking and one of the women with red clothing having a dog. And speaking of the dog, two dogs like looking at each other in front of the house. And on the other side, the girl is doing a jump roping in front of the window. And guy is running and the kids are playing. And it's sunny.
. it looks just alike. Like everyone's playing around on the sunny day, talking. Cat is sleeping on the roof of the car.
Just the same.
 in the summer time, we used to play the water guns. And I played with the guy in the next side of the road. And that was the most funniest time I've ever had in my neighborhood.
Yeah. We ran around shooting water guns to each others.
No rules. Just run around, hit and that's it.
. Yeah. Like let's get wet, it's done.
.
 the main part is that you lose your own language, the native language. Yeah. Most of the people I know who was in abroad for a long time, they can't speak Japanese coherently.
 I only lived for four years in the States so I think I'm O K with Japanese.
.
.
Yes, all right.
Yes, ma'am.
 hi. This is . I'd like to.
Yes.
 I'm in the house. My mom fell off with the sickness. I can't help it. I'm sorry, I can't go to the party today.
 I'm really sorry but I can't help it. I mean my mom is in sick and I can't just go to the party and celebrate myself.
 she's still unconscious and I need to take care of her.
.
 tell them that I'm really sorry about that and also tell them that I'm really thankful that they prepared for this shows for me. And tell them that I was really happy to be invited and I would like to be there in next time you invite me.
Sure, as long as my mom gets back.
.
Thank you.
Sorry.
.
.
 not that much.
 I used to do the birthday party
with the spend-the-night party.
 And we just stayed at our house playing games all night. And next morning, we were dead.
 we were too sleepy. We were playing for all night and we can't just move.
 . I had a friend named . And he's the guy who wasn't liked by the other people. But I got along with him very well.
 You know, he's really wierd person. He does the things that the other guys doesn't even imagine.
For example, last time I was at house, and he rang the bell, and I opened the door. and he told me to look for the treasures. And he brought a metal detector.
And we were digging for the one whole day, but we can't find any except for like drum cans. 
 I got really mad,
and we got a fight. I mean, but we just got O K.
.
.
.
 can I think about it for a second?
So this is only experience of myself, right?
.

Sure.
 one day last week, Jane and Anna was planning to go to the camp together. And after they went, camps, they start cooking. And they were having good time. But suddenly, the cloud came in, and it started raining. they were expecting that the rain would be gone soon. But unfortunately, it got harder and harder. And then they finally realized it was a typhoon closing. So they hurried into the car rushing to the hotels. And drinking a cup of coffee while they were watching outside in the camping field which was laying.
 I think it's because they wanted to go back to what they were when they were child. like when they were child, it's not civilized as now it is. So they wanted to go back to the nature and play around in the forest and stuff.
I used to prefer indoor activities when I was a kid, but now I'm feeling like the other adults.
Want to be back in the nature.
I feel like I'm like the part of the wind, just going through the woods. And I feel really how do you say, comfortable about it.
.
.
.
I'm planning to go to Shibuya for shopping.
 the book stores.
Yeah. There're lots of book stores .
I usually read the novels.
And I sometimes read like the essays and stuff.
Weekend. I don't have any plans yet, but I think I'm gonna study for the examination is coming up.
.
 I think it's two weeks later.
Not really.
 no, not a problem.
.
.
